include/acpi/*                                           drivers/acpi 
include/acpi/ghes.h                                      drivers/acpi/apei 
include/acpi/acconfig.h                                  drivers/acpi/acpica
include/acpi/acoutput.h                                  drivers/acpi/acpica
include/asm-generic/4level-fixup.h                       arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/asm-offsets.h                        arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm 
include/asm-generic/atomic-long.h                        arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/atomic.h                             arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/atomic64.h                           arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/audit_change_attr.h                  arch/$(hdr-arch)/kernel
include/asm-generic/audit_dir_write.h                    arch/$(hdr-arch)/kernel
include/asm-generic/audit_read.h                         arch/$(hdr-arch)/kernel
include/asm-generic/audit_signal.h                       arch/$(hdr-arch)/kernel
include/asm-generic/audit_write.h                        arch/$(hdr-arch)/kernel
include/asm-generic/barrier.h                            tools/include/asm
include/asm-generic/bitops.h                             arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/bitsperlong.h                        arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/asm-generic/bug.h                                arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/bugs.h                               arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/cache.h                              arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm 
include/asm-generic/cacheflush.h                         arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/checksum.h                           arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/clkdev.h                             arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/generated/asm
include/asm-generic/cmpxchg-local.h                      arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/cmpxchg.h                            arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/cputime.h                            arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/generated/asm
include/asm-generic/cputime_jiffies.h                    arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm 
include/asm-generic/cputime_nsecs.h                      arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm 
include/asm-generic/current.h                            arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/delay.h                              arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/device.h                             arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/div64.h                              arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/dma-contiguous.h                     drivers/dma
include/asm-generic/dma.h                                drivers/dma
include/asm-generic/early_ioremap.h                      arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/generated/asm
include/asm-generic/emergency-restart.h                  arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/exec.h                               arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/generated/asm
include/asm-generic/fb.h                                 drivers/video/fbdev
include/asm-generic/fixmap.h                             arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/ftrace.h                             arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm 
include/asm-generic/futex.h                              kernel
include/asm-generic/getorder.h                           arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/gpio.h                               arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/hardirq.h                            kernel/irq
include/asm-generic/hugetlb.h                            arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/hw_irq.h                             kernel/irq
include/asm-generic/ide_iops.h                           drivers/ide
include/asm-generic/int-ll64.h                           arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/asm-generic/io.h                                 arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/ioctl.h                              arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/asm-generic/iomap.h                              arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/irq.h                                kernel/irq
include/asm-generic/irq_regs.h                           kernel/irq
include/asm-generic/irq_work.h                           kernel/irq
include/asm-generic/irqflags.h                           kernel/irq
include/asm-generic/kdebug.h                             arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/kmap_types.h                         arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/kvm_para.h                           arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/asm-generic/libata-portmap.h                     arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/linkage.h                            arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/local.h                              arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/local64.h                            arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/mcs_spinlock.h                       arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm 
include/asm-generic/memory_model.h                       arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/mm-arch-hooks.h                      mm
include/asm-generic/mm_hooks.h                           mm
include/asm-generic/mmu.h                                mm
include/asm-generic/mmu_context.h                        mm
include/asm-generic/module.h                             arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/msi.h                                arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/generated/asm
include/asm-generic/mutex-dec.h                          kernel/locking
include/asm-generic/mutex-null.h                         kernel/locking
include/asm-generic/mutex-xchg.h                         kernel/locking
include/asm-generic/mutex.h                              kernel/locking 
include/asm-generic/page.h                               arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/param.h                              arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/asm-generic/parport.h                            arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/pci.h                                drivers/pci
include/asm-generic/pci_iomap.h                          drivers/pci
include/asm-generic/percpu.h                             arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/pgalloc.h                            arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm 
include/asm-generic/pgtable-nopmd.h                      arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/pgtable-nopud.h                      arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/pgtable.h                            arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/preempt.h                            arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/generated/asm
include/asm-generic/ptrace.h                             kernel
include/asm-generic/qrwlock.h                            arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/qrwlock_types.h                      arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/qspinlock.h                          arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/qspinlock_types.h                    arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/resource.h                           arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/asm-generic/rtc.h                                drivers/rtc
include/asm-generic/rwsem.h                              kernel/locking
include/asm-generic/seccomp.h                            kernel
include/asm-generic/sections.h                           arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/segment.h                            arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/generated/asm
include/asm-generic/serial.h                             arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/siginfo.h                            arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/asm-generic/signal.h                             kernel
include/asm-generic/simd.h                               arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/generated/asm
include/asm-generic/sizes.h                              arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/generated/asm
include/asm-generic/spinlock.h                           arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm 
include/asm-generic/statfs.h                             arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/asm-generic/string.h                             lib
include/asm-generic/switch_to.h                          arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm 
include/asm-generic/syscall.h                            arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm 
include/asm-generic/syscalls.h                           arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/termios-base.h                       net
include/asm-generic/termios.h                            net
include/asm-generic/timex.h                              arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/tlb.h                                arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/tlbflush.h                           arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/topology.h                           arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/trace_clock.h                        arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/generated/asm
include/asm-generic/uaccess-unaligned.h                  arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/uaccess.h                            arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/unaligned.h                          arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/unistd.h                             arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/asm-generic/user.h                               arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm 
include/asm-generic/vga.h                                arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/vmlinux.lds.h                        arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/vtime.h                              kernel/time
include/asm-generic/word-at-a-time.h                     arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/xor.h                                arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/asm-generic/bitops/*                             tools/include/asm-generic/bitops
include/clocksource/*                                    drivers/clocksource 
include/config/aio.h                                     fs 
include/config/arm.h                                     arch/arm 
include/config/atags.h                                   kernel 
include/config/bitreverse.h                              mm 
include/config/block.h                                   block 
include/config/bug.h                                     lib 
include/config/cmdline.h                                 block 
include/config/compaction.h                              mm 
include/config/coredump.h                                fs 
include/config/crc32.h                                   lib 
include/config/devkmem.h                                 mm 
include/config/devmem.h                                  mm 
include/config/dnotify.h                                 fs/notify/dnotify 
include/config/dtc.h                                     kernel 
include/config/elfcore.h                                 fs 
include/config/epoll.h                                   fs 
include/config/eventfd.h                                 fs 
include/config/exportfs.h                                fs 
include/config/fhandle.h                                 fs 
include/config/flatmem.h                                 arch/$(hdr-arch)/kernel 
include/config/freezer.h                                 kernel 
include/config/fsnotify.h                                fs/notify 
include/config/futex.h                                   kernel 
include/config/hid.h                                     drivers/hid 
include/config/hwmon.h                                   drivers/hwmon 
include/config/hz.h                                      kernel 
include/config/input.h                                   drivers/input 
include/config/irqchip.h                                 drivers/irqchip 
include/config/kallsyms.h                                kernel 
include/config/kernfs.h                                  kernel 
include/config/lbdaf.h                                   kernel 
include/config/libfdt.h                                  drivers 
include/config/localversion.h                            kernel 
include/config/membarrier.h                              mm 
include/config/migration.h                               kernel 
include/config/mmu.h                                     mm 
include/config/multiuser.h                               kernel 
include/config/namespaces.h                              kernel 
include/config/of.h                                      drivers/of 
include/config/pm.h                                      drivers/base/power 
include/config/printk.h                                  kernel 
include/config/rational.h                                lib 
include/config/serio.h                                   drivers/input/serio 
include/config/shmem.h                                   fs 
include/config/signalfd.h                                fs 
include/config/slabinfo.h                                mm 
include/config/slub.h                                    mm 
include/config/srcu.h                                    kernel/rcu 
include/config/standalone.h                              kernel 
include/config/suspend.h                                 kernel/power 
include/config/swap.h                                    mm 
include/config/swiotlb.h                                 lib 
include/config/sysctl.h                                  kernel 
include/config/sysfs.h                                   fs/sysfs 
include/config/timerfd.h                                 fs 
include/config/tty.h                                     drivers/tty 
include/config/uid16.h                                   kernel 
include/config/vt.h                                      drivers/tty/vt 
include/config/advise/syscalls.h                         kernel 
include/config/alignment/trap.h                          kernel 
include/config/allow/dev/coredump.h                      kernel 
include/config/anon/inodes.h                             kernel 
include/config/arch/multiplatform.h                      kernel 
include/config/arch/has/atomic64/dec/if/positive.h       kernel 
include/config/arch/has/devmem/is/allowed.h              kernel 
include/config/arch/has/elf/randomize.h                  fs 
include/config/arch/has/gcov/profile/all.h               kernel 
include/config/arch/has/sg/chain.h                       kernel 
include/config/arch/have/custom/gpio/h.h                 kernel 
include/config/arch/hibernation/possible.h               kernel/power 
include/config/arch/might/have/pc/parport.h              drivers/parport 
include/config/arch/mmap/rnd/*                           drivers/char/hw_random 
include/config/arch/multi/v7.h                           kernel 
include/config/arch/multi/v6/v7.h                        kernel 
include/config/arch/nr/gpio.h                            kernel 
include/config/arch/supports/uprobes.h                   kernel 
include/config/arch/supports/atomic/rmw.h                kernel 
include/config/arch/suspend/possible.h                   kernel/power 
include/config/arch/use/builtin/bswap.h                  mm 
include/config/arch/use/cmpxchg/lockref.h                kernel 
include/config/arch/want/general/hugetlb.h               kernel 
include/config/arch/want/ipc/parse/version.h             kernel 
include/config/arch/want/optional/gpiolib.h              kernel 
include/config/arm/thumb.h                               kernel 
include/config/arm/cpu/suspend.h                         kernel/power 
include/config/arm/dma/mem/bufferable.h                  drivers/dma 
include/config/arm/gic/max/nr.h                          kernel 
include/config/arm/has/sg/chain.h                        kernel 
include/config/arm/heavy/mb.h                            kernel 
include/config/arm/l1/cache/shift.h                      kernel 
include/config/arm/l1/cache/shift/6.h                    kernel 
include/config/arm/patch/idiv.h                          kernel 
include/config/arm/patch/phys/virt.h                     kernel 
include/config/arm/virt/ext.h                            kernel 
include/config/auto/zreladdr.h                           kernel 
include/config/base/full.h                               kernel 
include/config/base/small.h                              kernel 
include/config/bcma/possible.h                           kernel 
include/config/binfmt/elf.h                              kernel 
include/config/binfmt/script.h                           kernel 
include/config/blk/dev.h                                 block 
include/config/blk/dev/bsg.h                             block 
include/config/broken/on/smp.h                           kernel 
include/config/buildtime/extable/sort.h                  kernel 
include/config/cache/l2x0.h                              kernel 
include/config/cc/stackprotector/none.h                  kernel 
include/config/clkdev/lookup.h                           drivers/clk 
include/config/clksrc/of.h                               drivers/clk 
include/config/clksrc/probe.h                            drivers/clk 
include/config/clone/backwards.h                         kernel 
include/config/common/clk.h                              drivers/clk 
include/config/compat/brk.h                              kernel 
include/config/console/translations.h                    kernel 
include/config/core/dump/default/elf/headers.h           kernel 
include/config/cpu/32v6k.h                               kernel 
include/config/cpu/32v7.h                                kernel 
include/config/cpu/cp15.h                                kernel 
include/config/cpu/pm.h                                  drivers/base/power 
include/config/cpu/v7.h                                  kernel 
include/config/cpu/abrt/ev7.h                            kernel 
include/config/cpu/cache/v7.h                            kernel 
include/config/cpu/cache/vipt.h                          kernel 
include/config/cpu/copy/v6.h                             kernel 
include/config/cpu/cp15/mmu.h                            kernel 
include/config/cpu/has/asid.h                            kernel 
include/config/cpu/pabrt/v7.h                            kernel 
include/config/cpu/sw/domain/pan.h                       kernel 
include/config/cpu/tlb/v7.h                              kernel 
include/config/crc32/sliceby8.h                          kernel 
include/config/cross/compile.h                           kernel 
include/config/cross/memory/attach.h                     kernel 
include/config/dcache/word/access.h                      fs 
include/config/debug/bugverbose.h                        kernel 
include/config/debug/rodata.h                            kernel 
include/config/debug/align/rodata.h                      kernel 
include/config/debug/ll/include.h                        kernel 
include/config/debug/memory/init.h                       kernel 
include/config/default/cfq.h                             kernel 
include/config/default/hostname.h                        kernel 
include/config/default/iosched.h                         kernel/sched 
include/config/default/security.h                        kernel 
include/config/default/mmap/min/addr.h                   kernel 
include/config/default/security/dac.h                    kernel 
include/config/defconfig/list.h                          kernel 
include/config/dummy/console.h                           kernel 
include/config/edac/support.h                            kernel 
include/config/edac/atomic/scrub.h                       kernel 
include/config/efi/partition.h                           kernel 
include/config/elf/core.h                                fs 
include/config/enable/must/check.h                       kernel 
include/config/enable/warn/deprecated.h                  kernel 
include/config/extra/firmware.h                          kernel 
include/config/file/locking.h                            kernel 
include/config/firmware/in/kernel.h                      kernel 
include/config/fix/earlycon/mem.h                        kernel 
include/config/flat/node/mem/map.h                       arch/$(hdr-arch)/kernel 
include/config/force/max/zoneorder.h                     kernel 
include/config/frame/pointer.h                           kernel 
include/config/frame/warn.h                              kernel 
include/config/fw/loader.h                               kernel 
include/config/generic/allocator.h                       kernel 
include/config/generic/atomic64.h                        kernel 
include/config/generic/bug.h                             kernel 
include/config/generic/clockevents.h                     kernel 
include/config/generic/hweight.h                         kernel 
include/config/generic/io.h                              kernel 
include/config/generic/calibrate/delay.h                 kernel 
include/config/generic/early/ioremap.h                   kernel 
include/config/generic/idle/poll/setup.h                 fs 
include/config/generic/irq/*                             kernel/irq 
include/config/generic/irq/show/*                        kernel/irq 
include/config/generic/pci/iomap.h                       drivers/pci 
include/config/generic/sched/clock.h                     kernel/sched 
include/config/generic/smp/idle/thread.h                 kernel 
include/config/generic/strncpy/from/user.h               usr 
include/config/generic/strnlen/user.h                    usr 
include/config/handle/domain/irq.h                       kernel/irq 
include/config/hardirqs/sw/resend.h                      kernel/irq
include/config/has/dma.h                                 drivers/dma 
include/config/has/iomem.h                               mm 
include/config/has/ioport/map.h                          arch 
include/config/have/clk.h                                drivers/clk 
include/config/have/kprobes.h                            kernel 
include/config/have/kretprobes.h                         kernel 
include/config/have/memblock.h                           mm 
include/config/have/nmi.h                                arch 
include/config/have/oprofile.h                           kernel 
include/config/have/optprobes.h                          kernel 
include/config/have/smp.h                                kernel 
include/config/have/uid16.h                              kernel 
include/config/have/arch/*                               arch 
include/config/have/arm/*                                arch/arm 
include/config/have/c/recordmcount.h                     drivers/mtd
include/config/have/cbpf/jit.h                           kernel 
include/config/have/cc/stackprotector.h                  kernel 
include/config/have/clk/prepare.h                        drivers/clk 
include/config/have/context/tracking.h                   kernel 
include/config/have/debug/kmemleak.h                     kernel 
include/config/have/dma/contiguous.h                     drivers/dma 
include/config/have/dma/api/debug.h                      drivers/dma 
include/config/have/dynamic/ftrace.h                     kernel/trace 
include/config/have/efficient/unaligned/access.h         fs 
include/config/have/exit/thread.h                        kernel 
include/config/have/ftrace/mcount/record.h               kernel/trace 
include/config/have/function/tracer.h                    kernel/trace 
include/config/have/function/graph/tracer.h              kernel/trace 
include/config/have/generic/dma/coherent.h               drivers/dma 
include/config/have/irq/time/*                           kernel/irq 
include/config/have/kernel/*                             kernel 
include/config/have/mod/arch/specific.h                  kernel 
include/config/have/perf/*                               drivers/perf 
include/config/have/proc/cpu.h                           kernel 
include/config/have/regs/and/stack/access/api.h          fs 
include/config/have/syscall/tracepoints.h                kernel 
include/config/have/virt/cpu/accounting/gen.h            kernel 
include/config/hid/*                                     drivers/hid 
include/config/hw/console.h                              kernel 
include/config/hw/random.h                               drivers/char/hw_random 
include/config/hz/100.h                                  kernel 
include/config/hz/fixed.h                                kernel 
include/config/hz/periodic.h                             kernel 
include/config/init/env/arg/limit.h                      lib 
include/config/inline/read/unlock.h                      kernel/irq 
include/config/inline/read/unlock/irq.h                  kernel/irq 
include/config/inline/spin/unlock/irq.h                  kernel/irq 
include/config/inline/write/unlock.h                     kernel/irq 
include/config/inline/write/unlock/irq.h                 kernel/irq 
include/config/inotify/user.h                            fs/notify/inotify 
include/config/input/keyboard.h                          drivers/input/keyboard 
include/config/input/mouse.h                             drivers/input/mouse 
include/config/input/mousedev.h                          drivers/input/mouse 
include/config/input/mousedev/psaux.h                    drivers/input/mouse 
include/config/input/mousedev/screen/*                   drivers/input/mouse 
include/config/iommu/helper.h                            kernel 
include/config/iommu/support.h                           kernel 
include/config/iosched/*                                 kernel/sched 
include/config/irq/*                                     kernel/irq 
include/config/kallsyms/base/relative.h                  kernel 
include/config/kernel/gzip.h                             kernel 
include/config/keyboard/*                                drivers/input/keyboard 
include/config/kuser/helpers.h                           kernel 
include/config/legacy/ptys.h                             kernel 
include/config/legacy/pty/count.h                        kernel 
include/config/localversion/auto.h                       kernel 
include/config/lockdep/support.h                         kernel 
include/config/log/buf/shift.h                           kernel 
include/config/mandatory/file/locking.h                  kernel 
include/config/message/loglevel/default.h                kernel 
include/config/might/have/pci.h                          drivers/pci 
include/config/might/have/cache/l2x0.h                   kernel 
include/config/misc/filesystems.h                        kernel 
include/config/modules/use/elf/rel.h                     fs 
include/config/mouse/ps2.h                               drivers/input/mouse 
include/config/mouse/ps2/*                               drivers/input/mouse 
include/config/msdos/*                                   fs/fat 
include/config/multi/irq/handler.h                       kernel/irq 
include/config/need/dma/map/state.h                      drivers/dma 
include/config/need/per/cpu/km.h                         kernel 
include/config/nmi/log/buf/shift.h                       arch 
include/config/no/bootmem.h                              kernel 
include/config/of/*                                      drivers/of 
include/config/old/sigaction.h                           kernel 
include/config/old/sigsuspend3.h                         kernel/power 
include/config/outer/cache.h                             kernel 
include/config/outer/cache/sync.h                        kernel 
include/config/page/offset.h                             kernel 
include/config/panic/timeout.h                           kernel 
include/config/panic/on/oops/value.h                     kernel 
include/config/perf/use/*                                drivers/perf 
include/config/pgtable/levels.h                          kernel 
include/config/pid/ns.h                                  kernel 
include/config/pm/clk.h                                  drivers/clk 
include/config/pm/sleep.h                                drivers/clk 
include/config/preempt/none.h                            kernel 
include/config/prevent/firmware/build.h                  kernel 
include/config/printk/nmi.h                              arch 
include/config/proc/fs.h                                 kernel 
include/config/proc/sysctl.h                             kernel 
include/config/proc/page/monitor.h                       kernel 
include/config/rt/mutexes.h                              kernel/locking 
include/config/rtc/lib.h                                 drivers/rtc 
include/config/rwsem/xchgadd/algorithm.h                 kernel/locking 
include/config/scsi/mod.h                                kernel 
include/config/section/mismatch/warn/only.h              kernel 
include/config/serio/*                                   drivers/input/serio 
include/config/slub/debug.h                              mm 
include/config/sparse/irq.h                              kernel/irq 
include/config/split/ptlock/cpus.h                       kernel 
include/config/ssb/possible.h                            kernel 
include/config/stacktrace/support.h                      kernel 
include/config/suspend/freezer.h                         kernel/power 
include/config/sys/supports/apm/emulation.h              drivers/char 
include/config/sysfs/syscall.h                           fs/sysfs 
include/config/tick/cpu/accounting.h                     kernel 
include/config/tiny/rcu.h                                kernel 
include/config/trace/irqflags/support.h                  kernel/irq 
include/config/tracing/support.h                         kernel 
include/config/uevent/helper.h                           kernel 
include/config/uevent/helper/path.h                      kernel 
include/config/uncompress/include.h                      kernel 
include/config/unix98/ptys.h                             kernel 
include/config/usb/support.h                             kernel 
include/config/usb/arch/has/hcd.h                        kernel 
include/config/usb/ohci/little/endian.h                  kernel 
include/config/use/of.h                                  drivers/of 
include/config/uts/ns.h                                  kernel 
include/config/vectors/base.h                            kernel 
include/config/vm/event/counters.h                       kernel 
include/config/vmsplit/3g.h                              kernel 
include/config/vt/*                                      drivers/tty/vt 
include/config/zboot/rom/bss.h                           kernel 
include/config/zboot/rom/text.h                          kernel 
include/crypto/*                                         crypto 
include/crypto/aes.h                                     drivers/crypto/vmx 
include/crypto/hash.h                                    fs/btrfs 
include/crypto/public_key.h                              crypto/asymmetric_keys 
include/crypto/padlock.h                                 drivers/crypto
include/crypto/pkcs7.h                                   crypto/asymmetric_keys
include/crypto/internal/*                                crypto 
include/drm/*                                            drivers/gpu/drm 
include/drm/intel-gtt.h                                  drivers/char/agp 
include/drm/gma_drm.h                                    drivers/gpu/drm/gma500
include/drm/i915_component.h                             drivers/gpu/drm/i915
include/drm/i915_drm.h                                   drivers/gpu/drm/i915
include/drm/bridge/analogix_dp.h                         drivers/gpu/drm/bridge/analogix
include/drm/i2c/*                                        drivers/gpu/drm/i2c
include/drm/ttm/*                                        drivers/gpu/drm/ttm 
include/dt-bindings/arm/ux500_pm_domains.h               arch/arm/mach-ux500
include/dt-bindings/clk/ti-dra7-atl.h                    drivers/clk/ti 
include/dt-bindings/clock/jz4740-cgu.h                   drivers/clk/ingenic 
include/dt-bindings/clock/jz4780-cgu.h                   drivers/clk/ingenic 
include/dt-bindings/clock/meson8b-clkc.h                 drivers/clk/meson 
include/dt-bindings/clock/r8a7795-cpg-mssr.h             drivers/clk/renesas 
include/dt-bindings/clock/renesas-cpg-mssr.h             drivers/clk/renesas 
include/dt-bindings/clock/alphascale,asm9260.h           drivers/clk
include/dt-bindings/clock/at91.h                         drivers/clk/at91 
include/dt-bindings/clock/ath79-clk.h                    arch/mips/ath79
include/dt-bindings/clock/axis,artpec6-clkctrl.h         drivers/clk/axis
include/dt-bindings/clock/bcm-cygnus.h                   drivers/clk/bcm
include/dt-bindings/clock/bcm-ns2.h                      drivers/clk/bcm
include/dt-bindings/clock/bcm-nsp.h                      drivers/clk/bcm
include/dt-bindings/clock/bcm21664.h                     drivers/clk/bcm
include/dt-bindings/clock/bcm281xx.h                     drivers/clk/bcm
include/dt-bindings/clock/bcm2835-aux.h                  drivers/clk/bcm
include/dt-bindings/clock/bcm2835.h                      drivers/clk/bcm
include/dt-bindings/clock/berlin2.h                      drivers/clk/berlin
include/dt-bindings/clock/berlin2q.h                     drivers/clk/berlin
include/dt-bindings/clock/clps711x-clock.h               drivers/clk
include/dt-bindings/clock/efm32-cmu.h                    drivers/clk
include/dt-bindings/clock/exynos-audss-clk.h             drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/exynos3250.h                   drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/exynos4.h                      drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/exynos4415.h                   drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/exynos5250.h                   drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/exynos5260-clk.h               drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/exynos5410.h                   drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/exynos5420.h                   drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/exynos5433.h                   drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/exynos5440.h                   drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/exynos7-clk.h                  drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/hi3519-clock.h                 drivers/clk/hisilicon
include/dt-bindings/clock/hi3620-clock.h                 drivers/clk/hisilicon
include/dt-bindings/clock/hi6220-clock.h                 drivers/clk/hisilicon
include/dt-bindings/clock/hip04-clock.h                  drivers/clk/hisilicon
include/dt-bindings/clock/hix5hd2-clock.h                drivers/clk/hisilicon
include/dt-bindings/clock/imx1-clock.h                   drivers/clk/imx
include/dt-bindings/clock/imx21-clock.h                  drivers/clk/imx
include/dt-bindings/clock/imx27-clock.h                  drivers/clk/imx
include/dt-bindings/clock/imx5-clock.h                   drivers/clk/imx
include/dt-bindings/clock/imx6qdl-clock.h                drivers/clk/imx
include/dt-bindings/clock/imx6sl-clock.h                 drivers/clk/imx
include/dt-bindings/clock/imx6sx-clock.h                 drivers/clk/imx
include/dt-bindings/clock/imx6ul-clock.h                 drivers/clk/imx
include/dt-bindings/clock/imx7d-clock.h                  drivers/clk/imx
include/dt-bindings/clock/lpc18xx-ccu.h                  drivers/clk/nxp
include/dt-bindings/clock/lpc18xx-cgu.h                  drivers/clk/nxp
include/dt-bindings/clock/lpc32xx-clock.h                drivers/clk/nxp
include/dt-bindings/clock/lsi,axm5516-clks.h             drivers/clk
include/dt-bindings/clock/marvell,mmp2.h                 drivers/clk/mmp
include/dt-bindings/clock/marvell,pxa168.h               drivers/clk/mmp
include/dt-bindings/clock/marvell,pxa1928.h              drivers/clk/mmp
include/dt-bindings/clock/marvell,pxa910.h               drivers/clk/mmp
include/dt-bindings/clock/maxim,max77686.h               drivers/clk
include/dt-bindings/clock/maxim,max77802.h               drivers/clk
include/dt-bindings/clock/microchip,pic32-clock.h        drivers/clk/microchip
include/dt-bindings/clock/mpc512x-clock.h                arch/powerpc/platforms/512x
include/dt-bindings/clock/mt8135-clk.h                   drivers/clk/mediatek
include/dt-bindings/clock/mt8173-clk.h                   drivers/clk/mediatek
include/dt-bindings/clock/pistachio-clk.h                drivers/clk/pistachio
include/dt-bindings/clock/pxa-clock.h                    drivers/clk/pxa
include/dt-bindings/clock/qcom,gcc-apq8084.h             drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/clock/qcom,gcc-ipq4019.h             drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/clock/qcom,gcc-ipq806x.h             drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/clock/qcom,gcc-msm8660.h             drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/clock/qcom,gcc-msm8916.h             drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/clock/qcom,gcc-msm8960.h             drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/clock/qcom,gcc-msm8974.h             drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/clock/qcom,gcc-msm8996.h             drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/clock/qcom,lcc-ipq806x.h             drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/clock/qcom,lcc-msm8960.h             drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/clock/qcom,mmcc-apq8084.h            drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/clock/qcom,mmcc-msm8960.h            drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/clock/qcom,mmcc-msm8974.h            drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/clock/qcom,mmcc-msm8996.h            drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/clock/r7s72100-clock.h               drivers/clk 
include/dt-bindings/clock/r8a73a4-clock.h                drivers/clk/renesas 
include/dt-bindings/clock/r8a7740-clock.h                drivers/clk/renesas 
include/dt-bindings/clock/r8a7778-clock.h                drivers/clk/renesas 
include/dt-bindings/clock/r8a7779-clock.h                drivers/clk/renesas
include/dt-bindings/clock/r8a7790-clock.h                drivers/clk/renesas 
include/dt-bindings/clock/r8a7791-clock.h                drivers/clk/renesas 
include/dt-bindings/clock/r8a7793-clock.h                drivers/clk/renesas 
include/dt-bindings/clock/r8a7794-clock.h                drivers/clk/renesas 
include/dt-bindings/clock/rk3036-cru.h                   drivers/clk/rockchip
include/dt-bindings/clock/rk3066a-cru.h                  drivers/clk/rockchip 
include/dt-bindings/clock/rk3188-cru-common.h            drivers/clk/rockchip
include/dt-bindings/clock/rk3188-cru.h                   drivers/clk/rockchip 
include/dt-bindings/clock/rk3228-cru.h                   drivers/clk/rockchip
include/dt-bindings/clock/rk3288-cru.h                   drivers/clk/rockchip
include/dt-bindings/clock/rk3368-cru.h                   drivers/clk/rockchip
include/dt-bindings/clock/rk3399-cru.h                   drivers/clk/rockchip
include/dt-bindings/clock/rockchip,rk808.h               drivers/clk/rockchip 
include/dt-bindings/clock/s3c2410.h                      drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/s3c2412.h                      drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/s3c2443.h                      drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/s5pv210-audss.h                drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/s5pv210.h                      drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/samsung,s2mps11.h              drivers/clk/samsung 
include/dt-bindings/clock/samsung,s3c64xx-clock.h        drivers/clk/samsung
include/dt-bindings/clock/sh73a0-clock.h                 drivers/clk/renesas 
include/dt-bindings/clock/stih407-clks.h                 drivers/clk
include/dt-bindings/clock/stih410-clks.h                 drivers/clk
include/dt-bindings/clock/stih415-clks.h                 drivers/clk 
include/dt-bindings/clock/stih416-clks.h                 drivers/clk 
include/dt-bindings/clock/stih418-clks.h                 drivers/clk 
include/dt-bindings/clock/sun4i-a10-pll2.h               drivers/clk/sunxi
include/dt-bindings/clock/tegra114-car.h                 drivers/clk/tegra
include/dt-bindings/clock/tegra124-car-common.h          drivers/clk/tegra
include/dt-bindings/clock/tegra124-car.h                 drivers/clk/tegra
include/dt-bindings/clock/tegra20-car.h                  drivers/clk/tegra
include/dt-bindings/clock/tegra210-car.h                 drivers/clk/tegra
include/dt-bindings/clock/tegra30-car.h                  drivers/clk/tegra
include/dt-bindings/clock/vf610-clock.h                  drivers/clk/imx
include/dt-bindings/clock/zx296702-clock.h               drivers/clk/zte
include/dt-bindings/dma/*                                drivers/dma 
include/dt-bindings/gpio/gpio.h                          drivers/pinctrl
include/dt-bindings/gpio/meson-gxbb-gpio.h               drivers/pinctrl/meson
include/dt-bindings/gpio/meson8-gpio.h                   drivers/pinctrl/meson
include/dt-bindings/gpio/meson8b-gpio.h                  drivers/pinctrl/meson
include/dt-bindings/gpio/tegra-gpio.h                    drivers/pinctrl/tegra 
include/dt-bindings/gpio/tegra186-gpio.h                 drivers/pinctrl/tegra 
include/dt-bindings/i2c/i2c.h                            drivers/i2c
include/dt-bindings/iio/adi,ad5592r.h                    drivers/iio/dac
include/dt-bindings/iio/qcom,spmi-vadc.h                 drivers/iio/adc
include/dt-bindings/iio/adc/*                            drivers/iio/adc 
include/dt-bindings/input/input.h                        drivers/input 
include/dt-bindings/input/linux-event-codes.h            drivers/input
include/dt-bindings/input/ti-drv260x.h                   drivers/input/misc
include/dt-bindings/interrupt-controller/*               drivers/irqchip
include/dt-bindings/leds/common.h                        drivers/leds
include/dt-bindings/leds/leds-netxbig.h                  drivers/leds 
include/dt-bindings/leds/leds-ns2.h                      drivers/leds 
include/dt-bindings/media/tvp5150.h                      drivers/media/i2c 
include/dt-bindings/media/xilinx-vip.h                   drivers/media/platform/xilinx 
include/dt-bindings/media/c8sectpfe.h                    drivers/media/platform/sti/c8sectpfe
include/dt-bindings/media/omap3-isp.h                    drivers/media/platform/omap3isp 
include/dt-bindings/memory/mt8173-larb-port.h            drivers/iommu
include/dt-bindings/memory/tegra114-mc.h                 drivers/memory/tegra
include/dt-bindings/memory/tegra124-mc.h                 drivers/memory/tegra
include/dt-bindings/memory/tegra210-mc.h                 drivers/memory/tegra
include/dt-bindings/memory/tegra30-mc.h                  drivers/memory/tegra
include/dt-bindings/mfd/*                                drivers/mfd 
include/dt-bindings/net/ti-dp83867.h                     drivers/net/phy
include/dt-bindings/phy/*                                drivers/phy 
include/dt-bindings/pinctrl/*                            drivers/pinctrl 
include/dt-bindings/pinctrl/pinctrl-tegra-xusb.h         drivers/pinctrl/tegra 
include/dt-bindings/pinctrl/mt65xx.h                     drivers/pinctrl/mediatek
include/dt-bindings/pinctrl/qcom,pmic-gpio.h             drivers/pinctrl/qcom
include/dt-bindings/pinctrl/qcom,pmic-mpp.h              drivers/pinctrl/qcom
include/dt-bindings/power/r8a7779-sysc.h                 drivers/soc/renesas 
include/dt-bindings/power/r8a7790-sysc.h                 drivers/soc/renesas 
include/dt-bindings/power/r8a7791-sysc.h                 drivers/soc/renesas 
include/dt-bindings/power/r8a7794-sysc.h                 drivers/soc/renesas 
include/dt-bindings/power/r8a7795-sysc.h                 drivers/soc/renesas 
include/dt-bindings/power/raspberrypi-power.h            drivers/soc/bcm 
include/dt-bindings/power/mt8173-power.h                 drivers/soc/mediatek
include/dt-bindings/power/r8a7793-sysc.h                 drivers/soc/renesas 
include/dt-bindings/power/rk3288-power.h                 drivers/soc/rockchip
include/dt-bindings/power/rk3368-power.h                 drivers/soc/rockchip
include/dt-bindings/power/rk3399-power.h                 drivers/soc/rockchip
include/dt-bindings/pwm/pwm.h                            drivers/pwm
include/dt-bindings/regulator/maxim,max77802.h           drivers/regulator
include/dt-bindings/reset/altr,rst-mgr-a10.h             drivers/reset/sunxi 
include/dt-bindings/reset/altr,rst-mgr.h                 drivers/reset 
include/dt-bindings/reset/hisi,hi6220-resets.h           drivers/reset/hisilicon 
include/dt-bindings/reset/mt8135-resets.h                drivers/reset/mediatek 
include/dt-bindings/reset/mt8173-resets.h                drivers/reset/mediatek
include/dt-bindings/reset/pistachio-resets.h             drivers/reset
include/dt-bindings/reset/qcom,gcc-apq8084.h             drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/reset/qcom,gcc-ipq806x.h             drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/reset/qcom,gcc-msm8660.h             drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/reset/qcom,gcc-msm8916.h             drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/reset/qcom,gcc-msm8960.h             drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/reset/qcom,gcc-msm8974.h             drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/reset/qcom,mmcc-apq8084.h            drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/reset/qcom,mmcc-msm8960.h            drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/reset/qcom,mmcc-msm8974.h            drivers/clk/qcom
include/dt-bindings/reset/stih407-resets.h               drivers/reset/sti
include/dt-bindings/reset/stih415-resets.h               drivers/reset/sti
include/dt-bindings/reset/stih416-resets.h               drivers/reset/sti
include/dt-bindings/reset/tegra124-car.h                 drivers/clk/tegra
include/dt-bindings/soc/qcom,gsbi.h                      drivers/soc/qcom
include/dt-bindings/sound/*                              sound/soc/codecs 
include/dt-bindings/sound/tas2552.h                      sound/soc/codecs 
include/dt-bindings/sound/apq8016-lpass.h                sound/soc/qcom
include/dt-bindings/sound/fsl-imx-audmux.h               sound/soc/fsl
include/dt-bindings/sound/samsung-i2s.h                  sound/soc/samsung
include/dt-bindings/sound/tlv320aic31xx-micbias.h        sound/soc/codecs
include/dt-bindings/spmi/*                               drivers/spmi 
include/dt-bindings/thermal/tegra124-soctherm.h          drivers/thermal 
include/dt-bindings/thermal/thermal.h                    drivers/thermal 
include/dt-bindings/thermal/thermal_exynos.h             drivers/thermal/samsung
include/generated/asm-offsets.h                          arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/generated/autoconf.h                             lib
include/generated/bounds.h                               arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/generated/compile.h                              init
include/generated/mach-types.h                           arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/generated/timeconst.h                            kernel/time
include/generated/utsrelease.h                           kernel
include/generated/uapi/linux/version.h                   init 
include/keys/system_keyring.h                            certs 
include/keys/asymmetric-parser.h                         crypto/asymmetric_keys
include/keys/asymmetric-subtype.h                        crypto/asymmetric_keys
include/keys/asymmetric-type.h                           crypto/asymmetric_keys
include/keys/big_key-type.h                              security/keys
include/keys/ceph-type.h                                 net/ceph
include/keys/dns_resolver-type.h                         net/dns_resolver
include/keys/encrypted-type.h                            security/keys/encrypted-keys
include/keys/keyring-type.h                              security/keys
include/keys/rxrpc-type.h                                net/rxrpc
include/keys/trusted-type.h                              security/keys
include/keys/user-type.h                                 security/keys
include/kvm/*                                            virt/kvm
include/kvm/arm_arch_timer.h                             virt/kvm/arm
include/kvm/arm_pmu.h                                    virt/kvm/arm
include/kvm/arm_vgic.h                                   virt/kvm/arm
include/linux/8250_pci.h                                 drivers/tty/serial/8250 
include/linux/acct.h                                     kernel 
include/linux/acpi.h                                     arch
include/linux/adb.h                                      drivers/macintosh 
include/linux/ahci_platform.h                            drivers/ata 
include/linux/aio.h                                      fs 
include/linux/alarmtimer.h                               kernel/time 
include/linux/altera_jtaguart.h                          drivers/tty/serial 
include/linux/altera_uart.h                              drivers/tty/serial 
include/linux/anon_inodes.h                              fs 
include/linux/apm-emulation.h                            drivers/char 
include/linux/apple-gmux.h                               drivers/platform/x86 
include/linux/apple_bl.h                                 drivers/video/backlight 
include/linux/arm-cci.h                                  drivers/bus 
include/linux/asn1_decoder.h                             lib 
include/linux/async.h                                    kernel 
include/linux/async_tx.h                                 crypto/async_tx 
include/linux/atmel-mci.h                                drivers/mmc/host 
include/linux/atmel-ssc.h                                drivers/misc 
include/linux/atmel_serial.h                             drivers/tty/serial 
include/linux/attribute_container.h                      drivers/base 
include/linux/audit.h                                    kernel
include/linux/b1pcmcia.h                                 drivers/isdn/hardware/avm 
include/linux/backing-dev.h                              mm 
include/linux/backlight.h                                drivers/video/backlight
include/linux/badblocks.h                                block 
include/linux/balloon_compaction.h                       mm 
include/linux/bcd.h                                      lib 
include/linux/bch.h                                      lib 
include/linux/bcm47xx_nvram.h                            drivers/firmware/broadcom 
include/linux/bcm47xx_wdt.h                              drivers/watchdog 
include/linux/bio.h                                      block 
include/linux/bitmap.h                                   lib
include/linux/bitops.h                                   arch/mips/lib 
include/linux/bitrev.h                                   lib 
include/linux/blk-cgroup.h                               block 
include/linux/blk-mq.h                                   block 
include/linux/bma150.h                                   drivers/input/misc 
include/linux/bootmem.h                                  mm 
include/linux/bpf.h                                      tools/lib/bpf
include/linux/bsearch.h                                  lib 
include/linux/bsg-lib.h                                  block 
include/linux/bsg.h                                      block 
include/linux/btree.h                                    lib 
include/linux/bug.h                                      lib 
include/linux/cache.h                                    drivers/base
include/linux/cacheinfo.h                                drivers/base
include/linux/capability.h                               kernel
include/linux/cdev.h                                     drivers/staging/most/aim-cdev 
include/linux/cdrom.h                                    drivers/cdrom 
include/linux/cfag12864b.h                               drivers/auxdisplay 
include/linux/cgroup.h                                   kernel 
include/linux/cleancache.h                               mm 
include/linux/clk.h                                      drivers/clk
include/linux/clkdev.h                                   drivers/clk 
include/linux/clock_cooling.h                            drivers/thermal 
include/linux/clocksource.h                              kernel/time 
include/linux/cm4000_cs.h                                drivers/char/pcmcia 
include/linux/cma.h                                      mm 
include/linux/cmdline-parser.h                           block 
include/linux/cn_proc.h                                  drivers/connector 
include/linux/compaction.h                               mm 
include/linux/compat.h                                   kernel
include/linux/completion.h                               kernel/sched 
include/linux/component.h                                drivers/base 
include/linux/configfs.h                                 drivers/usb/gadget 
include/linux/connector.h                                drivers/connector 
include/linux/console.h                                  kernel/power
include/linux/consolemap.h                               drivers/tty/vt 
include/linux/container.h                                drivers/base
include/linux/context_tracking.h                         kernel 
include/linux/cordic.h                                   lib 
include/linux/coredump.h                                 fs
include/linux/coresight-stm.h                            drivers/hwtracing/coresight 
include/linux/coresight.h                                drivers/hwtracing/coresight 
include/linux/cper.h                                     drivers/firmware/efi 
include/linux/cpu.h                                      kernel
include/linux/cpu_cooling.h                              drivers/thermal 
include/linux/cpu_pm.h                                   kernel 
include/linux/cpu_rmap.h                                 lib 
include/linux/cpufreq.h                                  drivers/cpufreq 
include/linux/cpuidle.h                                  drivers/cpuidle
include/linux/cpumask.h                                  lib
include/linux/cpuset.h                                   kernel 
include/linux/crash_dump.h                               kernel
include/linux/crc-ccitt.h                                lib 
include/linux/crc-itu-t.h                                lib 
include/linux/crc-t10dif.h                               lib 
include/linux/crc16.h                                    lib 
include/linux/crc32.h                                    lib 
include/linux/crc7.h                                     lib 
include/linux/crc8.h                                     lib 
include/linux/cred.h                                     kernel 
include/linux/crypto.h                                   drivers/usb/wusbcore 
include/linux/ctype.h                                    lib 
include/linux/cyclades.h                                 drivers/tty 
include/linux/davinci_emac.h                             drivers/net/ethernet/ti 
include/linux/dax.h                                      drivers/dax
include/linux/dcookies.h                                 fs 
include/linux/debug_locks.h                              lib 
include/linux/debugfs.h                                  fs/ceph
include/linux/debugobjects.h                             lib 
include/linux/delay.h                                    arch
include/linux/delayacct.h                                kernel 
include/linux/dell-led.h                                 drivers/leds 
include/linux/devcoredump.h                              drivers/base 
include/linux/devfreq-event.h                            drivers/devfreq 
include/linux/devfreq.h                                  drivers/devfreq 
include/linux/devfreq_cooling.h                          drivers/thermal 
include/linux/device.h                                   drivers
include/linux/device_cgroup.h                            security 
include/linux/digsig.h                                   security/integrity
include/linux/dio.h                                      drivers/dio 
include/linux/dm-io.h                                    drivers/md 
include/linux/dm-kcopyd.h                                drivers/md 
include/linux/dm-region-hash.h                           drivers/md 
include/linux/dm9000.h                                   drivers/net/ethernet/davicom 
include/linux/dma-buf.h                                  drivers/dma-buf 
include/linux/dma-contiguous.h                           drivers/base 
include/linux/dma-debug.h                                lib 
include/linux/dma-iommu.h                                drivers/iommu 
include/linux/dma-mapping.h                              drivers/base
include/linux/dmaengine.h                                drivers/dma 
include/linux/dmapool.h                                  mm 
include/linux/dmar.h                                     drivers/iommu 
include/linux/dnotify.h                                  fs/notify/dnotify 
include/linux/ds2782_battery.h                           drivers/power 
include/linux/dtlk.h                                     drivers/char 
include/linux/dw_apb_timer.h                             drivers/clocksource 
include/linux/dynamic_debug.h                            lib 
include/linux/dynamic_queue_limits.h                     lib 
include/linux/earlycpio.h                                lib 
include/linux/edd.h                                      drivers/firmware
include/linux/edma.h                                     drivers/dma 
include/linux/eeprom_93cx6.h                             drivers/misc/eeprom 
include/linux/eeprom_93xx46.h                            drivers/misc/eeprom 
include/linux/efi-bgrt.h                                 arch/x86/platform/efi 
include/linux/efi.h                                      drivers/firmware/efi
include/linux/eisa.h                                     drivers/parisc
include/linux/elevator.h                                 block 
include/linux/elf-fdpic.h                                fs
include/linux/elf.h                                      fs
include/linux/enclosure.h                                drivers/misc 
include/linux/ethtool.h                                  net/core
include/linux/eventfd.h                                  fs
include/linux/eventpoll.h                                fs 
include/linux/extcon.h                                   drivers/extcon 
include/linux/f75375s.h                                  drivers/hwmon 
include/linux/fanotify.h                                 fs/notify/fanotify 
include/linux/fault-inject.h                             lib 
include/linux/fence.h                                    drivers/dma-buf 
include/linux/file.h                                     fs
include/linux/filter.h                                   net/core 
include/linux/fips.h                                     crypto 
include/linux/firmware.h                                 drivers
include/linux/flat.h                                     arch/$(hdr-arch)/kernel 
include/linux/flex_array.h                               lib 
include/linux/flex_proportions.h                         lib 
include/linux/fmc-sdb.h                                  drivers/fmc 
include/linux/freezer.h                                  kernel 
include/linux/frontswap.h                                mm 
include/linux/fs.h                                       fs
include/linux/fs_struct.h                                fs 
include/linux/fsl-diu-fb.h                               drivers/video/fbdev 
include/linux/fsl_hypervisor.h                           drivers/virt 
include/linux/fsl_ifc.h                                  drivers/memory 
include/linux/fsldma.h                                   drivers/dma 
include/linux/ftrace.h                                   kernel/trace
include/linux/futex.h                                    kernel
include/linux/gameport.h                                 drivers/input/gameport 
include/linux/gcd.h                                      lib 
include/linux/genalloc.h                                 lib 
include/linux/genhd.h                                    block 
include/linux/glob.h                                     lib 
include/linux/goldfish.h                                 drivers/tty 
include/linux/gpio-fan.h                                 drivers/hwmon 
include/linux/gpio-pxa.h                                 drivers/gpio 
include/linux/gpio.h                                     drivers/gpio
include/linux/gpio_keys.h                                drivers/input/keyboard 
include/linux/gpio_mouse.h                               drivers/input/mouse 
include/linux/hdlc.h                                     drivers/net/wan 
include/linux/hdlcdrv.h                                  drivers/net/hamradio 
include/linux/hdmi.h                                     drivers/video
include/linux/hid-debug.h                                drivers/hid 
include/linux/hid-roccat.h                               drivers/hid 
include/linux/hid-sensor-hub.h                           drivers/hid 
include/linux/hiddev.h                                   drivers/hid 
include/linux/hidraw.h                                   drivers/hid 
include/linux/highmem.h                                  mm
include/linux/hil_mlc.h                                  drivers/input/serio 
include/linux/hp_sdc.h                                   drivers/input/serio 
include/linux/hpet.h                                     drivers/char
include/linux/hrtimer.h                                  kernel/time
include/linux/htirq.h                                    drivers/pci
include/linux/hugetlb.h                                  mm 
include/linux/hugetlb_cgroup.h                           mm 
include/linux/hw_breakpoint.h                            kernel/events
include/linux/hwmon-vid.h                                drivers/hwmon 
include/linux/hwmon.h                                    drivers/hwmon 
include/linux/i2c-algo-bit.h                             drivers/i2c/algos 
include/linux/i2c-algo-pca.h                             drivers/i2c/algos 
include/linux/i2c-algo-pcf.h                             drivers/i2c/algos 
include/linux/i2c-dev.h                                  drivers/i2c 
include/linux/i2c-gpio.h                                 drivers/i2c/busses 
include/linux/i2c-mux-gpio.h                             drivers/i2c/muxes 
include/linux/i2c-mux-pinctrl.h                          drivers/i2c/muxes 
include/linux/i2c-mux.h                                  drivers/i2c 
include/linux/i2c-ocores.h                               drivers/i2c/busses 
include/linux/i2c-omap.h                                 drivers/i2c/busses 
include/linux/i2c-pca-platform.h                         drivers/i2c/busses 
include/linux/i2c-pnx.h                                  drivers/i2c/busses 
include/linux/i2c-pxa.h                                  drivers/i2c/busses 
include/linux/i2c-smbus.h                                drivers/i2c 
include/linux/i2c-xiic.h                                 drivers/i2c/busses 
include/linux/i2c.h                                      drivers/i2c
include/linux/i7300_idle.h                               drivers/idle 
include/linux/i8042.h                                    drivers/input/serio 
include/linux/i8253.h                                    drivers/clocksource
include/linux/ide.h                                      drivers/ide 
include/linux/idr.h                                      lib 
include/linux/igmp.h                                     net/ipv4 
include/linux/inet_diag.h                                net/ipv4 
include/linux/init.h                                     init
include/linux/init_ohci1394_dma.h                        drivers/firewire 
include/linux/init_task.h                                init
include/linux/initrd.h                                   arch/um/kernel 
include/linux/input-polldev.h                            drivers/input 
include/linux/input.h                                    net/rfkill 
include/linux/intel-iommu.h                              drivers/iommu 
include/linux/intel-svm.h                                drivers/iommu 
include/linux/intel_pmic_gpio.h                          drivers/platform/x86 
include/linux/interrupt.h                                drivers/misc/mei
include/linux/interval_tree.h                            lib 
include/linux/io.h                                       drivers
include/linux/ioc3.h                                     drivers/sn 
include/linux/ioc4.h                                     drivers/misc 
include/linux/iommu-common.h                             lib 
include/linux/iommu.h                                    drivers/iommu
include/linux/ioport.h                                   arch
include/linux/ioprio.h                                   block 
include/linux/iova.h                                     drivers/iommu 
include/linux/ipack.h                                    drivers/ipack 
include/linux/ipv6.h                                     net/ipv6
include/linux/irq.h                                      kernel/irq
include/linux/irq_poll.h                                 kernel/irq 
include/linux/irq_work.h                                 kernel/irq
include/linux/irqbypass.h                                kernel/irq
include/linux/irqchip.h                                  drivers/irqchip 
include/linux/irqdomain.h                                kernel/irq
include/linux/isa.h                                      drivers/base 
include/linux/iscsi_boot_sysfs.h                         drivers/scsi 
include/linux/iscsi_ibft.h                               drivers/firmware 
include/linux/isicom.h                                   drivers/tty 
include/linux/jiffies.h                                  kernel/time 
include/linux/jump_label.h                               arch
include/linux/jz4740-adc.h                               drivers/mfd 
include/linux/jz4780-nemc.h                              drivers/memory 
include/linux/kallsyms.h                                 kernel 
include/linux/kasan.h                                    mm/kasan 
include/linux/kcore.h                                    fs/proc 
include/linux/kcov.h                                     kernel 
include/linux/kexec.h                                    kernel 
include/linux/kfifo.h                                    lib 
include/linux/kgdb.h                                     kernel
include/linux/klist.h                                    lib 
include/linux/kmemcheck.h                                mm
include/linux/kmemleak.h                                 mm 
include/linux/kmod.h                                     kernel 
include/linux/kmsg_dump.h                                arch/um/kernel 
include/linux/kobject.h                                  lib 
include/linux/kprobes.h                                  kernel
include/linux/ks0108.h                                   drivers/auxdisplay 
include/linux/ks8842.h                                   drivers/net/ethernet/micrel 
include/linux/ks8851_mll.h                               drivers/net/ethernet/micrel 
include/linux/ksm.h                                      mm 
include/linux/kthread.h                                  kernel
include/linux/latencytop.h                               kernel 
include/linux/lcd.h                                      drivers/video/backlight 
include/linux/lcm.h                                      lib 
include/linux/led-class-flash.h                          drivers/leds 
include/linux/leds-bd2802.h                              drivers/leds 
include/linux/leds-lp3944.h                              drivers/leds 
include/linux/leds-pca9532.h                             drivers/leds 
include/linux/leds-regulator.h                           drivers/leds 
include/linux/leds-tca6507.h                             drivers/leds 
include/linux/leds.h                                     drivers/leds
include/linux/lglock.h                                   kernel/locking 
include/linux/libps2.h                                   drivers/input/serio 
include/linux/lightnvm.h                                 drivers/lightnvm
include/linux/list_lru.h                                 mm 
include/linux/list_sort.h                                lib 
include/linux/llist.h                                    lib 
include/linux/lockdep.h                                  tools/lib/lockdep 
include/linux/lockref.h                                  lib 
include/linux/lp.h                                       drivers/char 
include/linux/lru_cache.h                                lib 
include/linux/lsm_audit.h                                security 
include/linux/lz4.h                                      crypto 
include/linux/lzo.h                                      fs/btrfs
include/linux/maple.h                                    drivers/sh/maple 
include/linux/max17040_battery.h                         drivers/power 
include/linux/mbcache.h                                  fs 
include/linux/mdio-bitbang.h                             drivers/net/phy 
include/linux/mdio-mux.h                                 drivers/net/phy 
include/linux/mdio.h                                     drivers/net 
include/linux/memblock.h                                 mm 
include/linux/memcontrol.h                               mm 
include/linux/memory.h                                   drivers/base 
include/linux/memory_hotplug.h                           mm 
include/linux/mempolicy.h                                mm 
include/linux/mempool.h                                  mm 
include/linux/memremap.h                                 kernel 
include/linux/memstick.h                                 drivers/memstick/core 
include/linux/mg_disk.h                                  drivers/block 
include/linux/mic_bus.h                                  drivers/misc/mic/bus 
include/linux/migrate.h                                  mm 
include/linux/mii.h                                      drivers/net 
include/linux/mm.h                                       mm
include/linux/mmu_context.h                              mm 
include/linux/mmu_notifier.h                             mm 
include/linux/mmzone.h                                   mm 
include/linux/module.h                                   drivers/base
include/linux/mount.h                                    fs/sysfs
include/linux/mpage.h                                    fs 
include/linux/mpls_iptunnel.h                            net/mpls 
include/linux/msg.h                                      ipc 
include/linux/msi.h                                      drivers/pci
include/linux/mutex.h                                    kernel/locking 
include/linux/mv643xx_eth.h                              drivers/net/ethernet/marvell 
include/linux/mxm-wmi.h                                  drivers/platform/x86 
include/linux/n_r3964.h                                  drivers/tty 
include/linux/namei.h                                    fs
include/linux/net.h                                      drivers/vhost 
include/linux/netfilter.h                                net/netfilter
include/linux/netpoll.h                                  net/core 
include/linux/nfsacl.h                                   fs/nfs_common 
include/linux/nmi.h                                      arch
include/linux/node.h                                     drivers/base 
include/linux/nodemask.h                                 lib 
include/linux/notifier.h                                 kernel 
include/linux/nsc_gpio.h                                 drivers/char 
include/linux/nsproxy.h                                  kernel 
include/linux/ntb.h                                      drivers/ntb 
include/linux/ntb_transport.h                            drivers/ntb 
include/linux/nubus.h                                    drivers/nubus 
include/linux/numa.h                                     drivers/acpi
include/linux/nvram.h                                    drivers/nvdimm
include/linux/of.h                                       drivers/of
include/linux/of_iommu.h                                 drivers/iommu 
include/linux/of_mdio.h                                  drivers/of 
include/linux/of_net.h                                   drivers/of 
include/linux/of_pci.h                                   drivers/of 
include/linux/of_platform.h                              arch/powerpc/kernel 
include/linux/of_reserved_mem.h                          drivers/of 
include/linux/oid_registry.h                             lib 
include/linux/olpc-ec.h                                  drivers/platform/olpc 
include/linux/omap-dma.h                                 drivers/dma 
include/linux/omap-gpmc.h                                drivers/memory 
include/linux/omap-iommu.h                               drivers/iommu 
include/linux/omap-mailbox.h                             drivers/mailbox 
include/linux/once.h                                     lib 
include/linux/osq_lock.h                                 kernel/locking 
include/linux/padata.h                                   kernel 
include/linux/page_counter.h                             mm 
include/linux/page_ext.h                                 mm 
include/linux/page_idle.h                                mm 
include/linux/page_owner.h                               mm 
include/linux/parport_pc.h                               drivers/parport 
include/linux/parser.h                                   lib 
include/linux/path.h                                     security/apparmor 
include/linux/pch_dma.h                                  drivers/dma 
include/linux/pci-acpi.h                                 drivers/pci 
include/linux/pci.h                                      drivers/pci
include/linux/pda_power.h                                drivers/power 
include/linux/percpu-refcount.h                          lib 
include/linux/percpu-rwsem.h                             kernel/locking 
include/linux/percpu.h                                   mm 
include/linux/percpu_counter.h                           lib 
include/linux/percpu_ida.h                               lib 
include/linux/perf_event.h                               drivers/perf
include/linux/phy.h                                      drivers/net/phy 
include/linux/pid_namespace.h                            kernel 
include/linux/pkeys.h                                    arch/x86/mm 
include/linux/pktcdvd.h                                  drivers/block 
include/linux/pl320-ipc.h                                drivers/mailbox 
include/linux/plist.h                                    lib 
include/linux/pm.h                                       arch
include/linux/pm2301_charger.h                           drivers/power 
include/linux/pm_runtime.h                               drivers/sh 
include/linux/pmem.h                                     drivers/nvdimm 
include/linux/posix-clock.h                              kernel/time 
include/linux/posix-timers.h                             kernel/time 
include/linux/posix_acl.h                                fs 
include/linux/pps-gpio.h                                 drivers/pps/clients 
include/linux/profile.h                                  kernel 
include/linux/property.h                                 drivers/base 
include/linux/psci.h                                     drivers/firmware
include/linux/pti.h                                      drivers/misc 
include/linux/ptrace.h                                   kernel
include/linux/pxa168_eth.h                               drivers/net/ethernet/marvell 
include/linux/qcom_scm.h                                 drivers/firmware 
include/linux/quicklist.h                                mm 
include/linux/quota.h                                    fs/gfs2 
include/linux/radix-tree.h                               lib 
include/linux/raid_class.h                               drivers/scsi 
include/linux/random.h                                   drivers/char 
include/linux/range.h                                    kernel 
include/linux/ras.h                                      drivers/ras 
include/linux/ratelimit.h                                lib 
include/linux/rational.h                                 lib 
include/linux/reboot.h                                   kernel
include/linux/reciprocal_div.h                           lib 
include/linux/relay.h                                    kernel 
include/linux/reservation.h                              drivers/dma-buf 
include/linux/rfkill-regulator.h                         net/rfkill 
include/linux/rhashtable.h                               lib 
include/linux/ring_buffer.h                              kernel/trace 
include/linux/rio.h                                      drivers/rapidio 
include/linux/rmap.h                                     mm 
include/linux/rtc-ds2404.h                               drivers/rtc 
include/linux/rtc-v3020.h                                drivers/rtc 
include/linux/rtc.h                                      drivers/rtc
include/linux/rwsem.h                                    kernel/locking 
include/linux/s3c_adc_battery.h                          drivers/power 
include/linux/sa11x0-dma.h                               drivers/dma 
include/linux/scatterlist.h                              lib 
include/linux/scc.h                                      drivers/net/hamradio 
include/linux/sched.h                                    kernel/sched
include/linux/sched_clock.h                              kernel/sched
include/linux/screen_info.h                              arch/$(hdr-arch)/kernel
include/linux/scx200_gpio.h                              drivers/char 
include/linux/sdla.h                                     drivers/net/wan 
include/linux/seccomp.h                                  kernel
include/linux/security.h                                 security
include/linux/selection.h                                drivers
include/linux/semaphore.h                                kernel/locking 
include/linux/seq_buf.h                                  lib 
include/linux/seq_file.h                                 fs 
include/linux/seqno-fence.h                              drivers/dma-buf 
include/linux/serial.h                                   drivers/tty/serial
include/linux/serial_core.h                              drivers/tty/serial 
include/linux/serio.h                                    drivers/input/serio 
include/linux/sfi.h                                      drivers/sfi
include/linux/sfi_acpi.h                                 drivers/sfi 
include/linux/sh_eth.h                                   drivers/net/ethernet/renesas 
include/linux/shdma-base.h                               drivers/dma/sh 
include/linux/shm.h                                      ipc 
include/linux/signal.h                                   kernel
include/linux/signalfd.h                                 fs 
include/linux/skbuff.h                                   net/core 
include/linux/slab.h                                     mm 
include/linux/sm501.h                                    drivers/mfd 
include/linux/smp.h                                      kernel
include/linux/smpboot.h                                  kernel 
include/linux/smsc911x.h                                 drivers/net/ethernet/smsc
include/linux/sock_diag.h                                net/sctp
include/linux/socket.h                                   net/sctp
include/linux/sony-laptop.h                              drivers/platform/x86 
include/linux/sonypi.h                                   drivers/char 
include/linux/sort.h                                     lib 
include/linux/spinlock.h                                 kernel/locking
include/linux/splice.h                                   fs 
include/linux/spmi.h                                     drivers/spmi 
include/linux/srcu.h                                     kernel/rcu 
include/linux/ssbi.h                                     drivers/mfd 
include/linux/stackdepot.h                               lib 
include/linux/stacktrace.h                               kernel
include/linux/statfs.h                                   fs 
include/linux/stmp3xxx_rtc_wdt.h                         drivers/watchdog 
include/linux/stmp_device.h                              lib 
include/linux/stop_machine.h                             kernel 
include/linux/string.h                                   lib
include/linux/string_helpers.h                           lib 
include/linux/sudmac.h                                   drivers/dma/sh 
include/linux/sungem_phy.h                               drivers/net 
include/linux/sunxi-rsb.h                                drivers/bus 
include/linux/superhyway.h                               drivers/sh/superhyway 
include/linux/suspend.h                                  kernel/power
include/linux/swait.h                                    kernel/sched 
include/linux/swap.h                                     mm
include/linux/swap_cgroup.h                              mm 
include/linux/swapfile.h                                 mm 
include/linux/swiotlb.h                                  lib 
include/linux/sxgbe_platform.h                           drivers/net/ethernet/samsung/sxgbe 
include/linux/sync_file.h                                drivers/dma-buf 
include/linux/synclink.h                                 drivers/tty 
include/linux/syscalls.h                                 arch
include/linux/sysctl.h                                   kernel
include/linux/sysfs.h                                    drivers
include/linux/sysrq.h                                    arch
include/linux/t10-pi.h                                   block 
include/linux/task_work.h                                kernel 
include/linux/tboot.h                                    arch/x86/kernel 
include/linux/tc.h                                       drivers/tc
include/linux/textsearch.h                               lib 
include/linux/thermal.h                                  drivers/thermal
include/linux/thinkpad_acpi.h                            drivers/platform/x86 
include/linux/timb_dma.h                                 drivers/dma 
include/linux/time.h                                     kernel/time
include/linux/timecounter.h                              kernel/time 
include/linux/timer.h                                    arch/mips/ralink 
include/linux/timerfd.h                                  fs 
include/linux/timeriomem-rng.h                           drivers/char/hw_random 
include/linux/timerqueue.h                               lib 
include/linux/topology.h                                 drivers/base
include/linux/torture.h                                  kernel 
include/linux/toshiba.h                                  drivers/char 
include/linux/trace_clock.h                              kernel/trace 
include/linux/trace_seq.h                                kernel/trace 
include/linux/tracepoint.h                               kernel 
include/linux/transport_class.h                          drivers/base 
include/linux/tty.h                                      drivers/tty
include/linux/uaccess.h                                  arch
include/linux/ucs2_string.h                              lib 
include/linux/uinput.h                                   drivers/input/misc 
include/linux/uprobes.h                                  kernel/events
include/linux/usb.h                                      drivers/usb
include/linux/user-return-notifier.h                     kernel 
include/linux/user_namespace.h                           kernel 
include/linux/utsname.h                                  kernel 
include/linux/uuid.h                                     lib 
include/linux/vfio.h                                     drivers/vfio
include/linux/vga_switcheroo.h                           drivers/gpu/vga 
include/linux/vgaarb.h                                   drivers/gpu/vga 
include/linux/via-core.h                                 drivers/video/fbdev/via 
include/linux/via-gpio.h                                 drivers/video/fbdev/via 
include/linux/via_i2c.h                                  drivers/video/fbdev/via 
include/linux/virtio.h                                   drivers/virtio 
include/linux/virtio_console.h                           drivers/virtio
include/linux/virtio_mmio.h                              drivers/virtio 
include/linux/virtio_ring.h                              drivers/virtio 
include/linux/vlynq.h                                    drivers/vlynq 
include/linux/vmacache.h                                 mm 
include/linux/vmalloc.h                                  mm 
include/linux/vme.h                                      drivers/vme 
include/linux/vmpressure.h                               mm 
include/linux/vmstat.h                                   mm 
include/linux/vringh.h                                   drivers/vhost 
include/linux/w1-gpio.h                                  drivers/w1/masters 
include/linux/wait.h                                     kernel/sched 
include/linux/wkup_m3_ipc.h                              drivers/soc/ti 
include/linux/workqueue.h                                kernel 
include/linux/xattr.h                                    fs
include/linux/yam.h                                      drivers/net/hamradio 
include/linux/z2_battery.h                               drivers/power 
include/linux/zbud.h                                     mm 
include/linux/zlib.h                                     fs/btrfs 
include/linux/zorro.h                                    drivers/zorro 
include/linux/zpool.h                                    mm 
include/linux/zsmalloc.h                                 mm 
include/linux/a.out.h                                    fs
include/linux/acpi_dma.h                                 drivers/acpi
include/linux/acpi_pmtmr.h                               drivers/acpi
include/linux/adfs_fs.h                                  fs/adfs
include/linux/aer.h                                      drivers/pci/pcie/aer
include/linux/agp_backend.h                              drivers/char/agp
include/linux/agpgart.h                                  drivers/char/agp
include/linux/amd-iommu.h                                drivers/iommu
include/linux/amifd.h                                    drivers/block
include/linux/amifdreg.h                                 drivers/block
include/linux/amigaffs.h                                 fs/affs
include/linux/apm_bios.h                                 drivers/char
include/linux/arm-smccc.h                                arch/arm/kernel
include/linux/asn1.h                                     crypto/asymmetric_keys
include/linux/asn1_ber_bytecode.h                        lib
include/linux/assoc_array.h                              lib
include/linux/assoc_array_priv.h                         lib
include/linux/ata.h                                      drivers/ata
include/linux/ata_platform.h                             drivers/ata
include/linux/atalk.h                                    drivers/net/appletalk
include/linux/ath9k_platform.h                           drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k
include/linux/atm.h                                      drivers/atm
include/linux/atm_suni.h                                 drivers/atm
include/linux/atm_tcp.h                                  drivers/atm
include/linux/atmdev.h                                   drivers/atm
include/linux/atmel_pdc.h                                sound/atmel
include/linux/atmel_tc.h                                 sound/atmel
include/linux/atomic.h                                   kernel
include/linux/auto_dev-ioctl.h                           fs/autofs4
include/linux/auto_fs.h                                  fs/autofs4
include/linux/auxvec.h                                   tools/testing/selftests/powerpc
include/linux/average.h                                  drivers/net
include/linux/backing-dev-defs.h                         mm
include/linux/bcm47xx_sprom.h                            arch/mips/bcm47xx
include/linux/bcm963xx_nvram.h                           arch/mips/bcm63xx
include/linux/bcm963xx_tag.h                             drivers/mtd
include/linux/bfin_mac.h                                 arch/blackfin
include/linux/binfmts.h                                  fs
include/linux/bit_spinlock.h                             mm
include/linux/blk_types.h                                block
include/linux/blkdev.h                                   block
include/linux/blkpg.h                                    block
include/linux/blktrace_api.h                             block
include/linux/blockgroup_lock.h                          block
include/linux/bottom_half.h                              net/core
include/linux/brcmphy.h                                  drivers/net/ethernet/broadcom
include/linux/btree-128.h                                lib
include/linux/btree-type.h                               lib
include/linux/btrfs.h                                    fs/btrfs
include/linux/buffer_head.h                              fs
include/linux/c2port.h                                   drivers/misc/c2port
include/linux/cb710.h                                    drivers/misc/cb710
include/linux/cciss_ioctl.h                              drivers/block
include/linux/ccp.h                                      drivers/crypto/ccp
include/linux/cgroup-defs.h                              kernel
include/linux/cgroup_subsys.h                            kernel
include/linux/circ_buf.h                                 fs/afs
include/linux/clk-provider.h                             drivers/clk
include/linux/clockchips.h                               drivers/clk
include/linux/cnt32_to_63.h                              arch/$(hdr-arch)/kernel
include/linux/coda.h                                     fs/coda
include/linux/coda_psdev.h                               fs/coda
include/linux/compiler-clang.h                           kernel
include/linux/compiler-gcc.h                             kernel
include/linux/compiler-intel.h                           kernel 
include/linux/compiler.h                                 kernel
include/linux/concap.h                                   drivers/isdn/i4l
include/linux/console_struct.h                           kernel
include/linux/context_tracking_state.h                   arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/linux/coresight-pmu.h                            drivers/hwtracing/coresight
include/linux/count_zeros.h                              lib/mpi
include/linux/cpufeature.h                               drivers/base
include/linux/cpuhotplug.h                               kernel/sched
include/linux/cputime.h                                  drivers/cpufreq
include/linux/crc32c.h                                   net/batman-adv
include/linux/cryptohash.h                               crypto
include/linux/cs5535.h                                   drivers
include/linux/cuda.h                                     drivers/video/fbdev
include/linux/dcache.h                                   fs
include/linux/dccp.h                                     net/dccp
include/linux/delayed_call.h                             kernel
include/linux/device-mapper.h                            drivers/md
include/linux/devpts_fs.h                                fs/devpts
include/linux/dirent.h                                   fs
include/linux/dlm.h                                      fs/dlm
include/linux/dlm_plock.h                                fs/dlm
include/linux/dm-dirty-log.h                             drivers/md
include/linux/dma-attrs.h                                drivers/dma
include/linux/dma-direction.h                            drivers/dma
include/linux/dma_remapping.h                            drivers/dma
include/linux/dmi.h                                      drivers
include/linux/dns_resolver.h                             net/dns_resolver
include/linux/dqblk_qtree.h                              fs/ocfs2
include/linux/dqblk_v1.h                                 fs/quota
include/linux/dqblk_v2.h                                 fs/quota
include/linux/drbd.h                                     drivers/block/drbd
include/linux/drbd_genl.h                                drivers/block/drbd
include/linux/drbd_genl_api.h                            drivers/block/drbd
include/linux/drbd_limits.h                              drivers/block/drbd
include/linux/ds1286.h                                   drivers/rtc
include/linux/ds17287rtc.h                               drivers/rtc
include/linux/ecryptfs.h                                 fs/ecryptfs
include/linux/edac.h                                     drivers/edac
include/linux/efs_vh.h                                   fs/efs
include/linux/elf-randomize.h                            fs
include/linux/elfcore-compat.h                           fs
include/linux/elfcore.h                                  fs
include/linux/elfnote.h                                  fs
include/linux/err.h                                      kernel
include/linux/errno.h                                    kernel
include/linux/errqueue.h                                 net/core
include/linux/etherdevice.h                              drivers/net/ethernet
include/linux/evm.h                                      security/integrity/evm
include/linux/export.h                                   kernel
include/linux/exportfs.h                                 fs/exportfs
include/linux/ext2_fs.h                                  fs/ext2
include/linux/f2fs_fs.h                                  fs/f2fs
include/linux/falloc.h                                   fs
include/linux/fb.h                                       drivers/video/fbdev/mmp/fb
include/linux/fcdevice.h                                 drivers/message/fusion
include/linux/fcntl.h                                    kernel
include/linux/fd.h                                       fs
include/linux/fddidevice.h                               drivers/net/fddi/skfp/h
include/linux/fdtable.h                                  fs
include/linux/fec.h                                      drivers/net/ethernet/freescale
include/linux/firewire.h                                 sound/firewire
include/linux/firmware-map.h                             drivers/firmware
include/linux/fixp-arith.h                               drivers
include/linux/fmc.h                                      drivers/fmc
include/linux/font.h                                     lib/fonts
include/linux/frame.h                                    kernel/sched
include/linux/fs_enet_pd.h                               drivers/net/ethernet/freescale/fs_enet
include/linux/fs_pin.h                                   fs
include/linux/fs_stack.h                                 fs
include/linux/fs_uart_pd.h                               drivers/tty/serial/cpm_uart
include/linux/fscache-cache.h                            fs/fscache
include/linux/fscache.h                                  fs/fscache
include/linux/fscrypto.h                                 fs/crypto
include/linux/fsl_devices.h                              drivers
include/linux/fsnotify.h                                 fs/notify
include/linux/fsnotify_backend.h                         fs/notify
include/linux/ftrace_irq.h                               kernel/irq
include/linux/fwnode.h                                   drivers/base
include/linux/genetlink.h                                net/netlink
include/linux/genl_magic_func.h                          drivers/block/drbd
include/linux/genl_magic_struct.h                        drivers/block/drbd
include/linux/getcpu.h                                   kernel
include/linux/gfp.h                                      kernel
include/linux/hardirq.h                                  kernel/irq
include/linux/hash.h                                     kernel
include/linux/hashtable.h                                kernel
include/linux/hid-sensor-ids.h                           drivers/hid
include/linux/hid.h                                      drivers/hid
include/linux/highuid.h                                  kernel
include/linux/hil.h                                      drivers/input
include/linux/hippidevice.h                              drivers/net/hippi
include/linux/host1x.h                                   drivers/gpu/host1x/hw
include/linux/htcpld.h                                   drivers/mfd
include/linux/huge_mm.h                                  drivers/iommu
include/linux/hugetlb_inline.h                           kernel
include/linux/hw_random.h                                drivers/char/hw_random
include/linux/hwmon-sysfs.h                              drivers/hwmon
include/linux/hwspinlock.h                               drivers/hwspinlock
include/linux/hyperv.h                                   drivers/hv
include/linux/icmp.h                                     net/core
include/linux/icmpv6.h                                   net/core
include/linux/ieee80211.h                                drivers/staging/rtl8192u/ieee80211
include/linux/ieee802154.h                               net/ieee802154
include/linux/if_arp.h                                   net/ipv4/netfilter
include/linux/if_bridge.h                                net/bridge
include/linux/if_eql.h                                   drivers/net
include/linux/if_ether.h                                 drivers/net/ethernet
include/linux/if_fddi.h                                  drivers/net/fddi
include/linux/if_frad.h                                  drivers/net/wan
include/linux/if_link.h                                  drivers/net
include/linux/if_ltalk.h                                 net/appletalk
include/linux/if_macvlan.h                               net/core
include/linux/if_phonet.h                                net/phonet
include/linux/if_pppol2tp.h                              net/l2tp
include/linux/if_pppox.h                                 net/core
include/linux/if_team.h                                  drivers/net/team
include/linux/if_tun.h                                   drivers/net
include/linux/if_tunnel.h                                net/core
include/linux/if_vlan.h                                  drivers/net/ipvlan
include/linux/ihex.h                                     drivers
include/linux/ima.h                                      security/integrity/ima
include/linux/in.h                                       net/bridge
include/linux/in6.h                                      net/bridge
include/linux/inet.h                                     net
include/linux/inetdevice.h                               drivers/net
include/linux/inotify.h                                  fs/notify/inotify
include/linux/integrity.h                                security/integrity
include/linux/interval_tree_generic.h                    drivers
include/linux/io-64-nonatomic-hi-lo.h                    drivers
include/linux/io-64-nonatomic-lo-hi.h                    drivers
include/linux/io-mapping.h                               drivers
include/linux/iocontext.h                                kernel
include/linux/iommu-helper.h                             drivers/iommu
include/linux/iopoll.h                                   drivers
include/linux/ip.h                                       net/core
include/linux/ipc.h                                      ipc
include/linux/ipc_namespace.h                            ipc
include/linux/ipmi-fru.h                                 drivers/fmc
include/linux/ipmi.h                                     drivers/char/ipmi
include/linux/ipmi_smi.h                                 drivers/char/ipmi
include/linux/ipv6_route.h                               net/ipv6
include/linux/irq_cpustat.h                              kernel/irq
include/linux/irqdesc.h                                  kernel/irq
include/linux/irqflags.h                                 kernel/irq
include/linux/irqhandler.h                               kernel/irq
include/linux/irqnr.h                                    kernel/irq
include/linux/irqreturn.h                                kernel/irq
include/linux/isapnp.h                                   drivers/pnp/isapnp
include/linux/isdn.h                                     drivers/isdn
include/linux/isdn_divertif.h                            drivers/isdn
include/linux/isdn_ppp.h                                 drivers/isdn
include/linux/isdnif.h                                   drivers/isdn
include/linux/jbd2.h                                     fs/jbd2
include/linux/jhash.h                                    kernel
include/linux/journal-head.h                             kernel
include/linux/joystick.h                                 drivers/input/joystick
include/linux/jump_label_ratelimit.h                     kernel
include/linux/kasan-checks.h                             lib
include/linux/kbd_diacr.h                                drivers
include/linux/kbd_kern.h                                 drivers
include/linux/kbuild.h                                   kernel
include/linux/kconfig.h                                  kernel
include/linux/kd.h                                       kernel
include/linux/kdb.h                                      kernel/debug/kdb
include/linux/kdebug.h                                   kernel/debug/kdb
include/linux/kdev_t.h                                   kernel/debug/kdb
include/linux/kern_levels.h                              kernel
include/linux/kernel-page-flags.h                        kernel
include/linux/kernel.h                                   kernel
include/linux/kernel_stat.h                              kernel
include/linux/kernelcapi.h                               kernel
include/linux/kernfs.h                                   fs/kernfs
include/linux/key-type.h                                 security/keys
include/linux/key.h                                      security/keys
include/linux/keyboard.h                                 drivers/input/keyboard
include/linux/khugepaged.h                               kernel
include/linux/kobj_map.h                                 kernel
include/linux/kobject_ns.h                               kernel
include/linux/kref.h                                     kernel
include/linux/ktime.h                                    kernel/time
include/linux/kvm_host.h                                 virt/kvm
include/linux/kvm_irqfd.h                                virt/kvm
include/linux/kvm_para.h                                 virt/kvm
include/linux/kvm_types.h                                virt/kvm
include/linux/l2tp.h                                     net/l2tp
include/linux/lapb.h                                     drivers/net/wan
include/linux/led-lm3530.h                               drivers/leds
include/linux/leds_pwm.h                                 drivers/leds
include/linux/lguest.h                                   drivers/lguest
include/linux/lguest_launcher.h                          drivers/lguest
include/linux/libata.h                                   drivers/ata
include/linux/libfdt.h                                   drivers
include/linux/libfdt_env.h                               lib
include/linux/libnvdimm.h                                drivers/nvdimm
include/linux/license.h                                  kernel
include/linux/linkage.h                                  kernel
include/linux/linux_logo.h                               drivers/video/logo
include/linux/lis3lv02d.h                                drivers/misc/lis3lv02d
include/linux/list.h                                     kernel
include/linux/list_bl.h                                  kernel
include/linux/list_nulls.h                               kernel
include/linux/livepatch.h                                kernel/livepatch
include/linux/llc.h                                      net/llc
include/linux/log2.h                                     kernel
include/linux/lsm_hooks.h                                security
include/linux/m48t86.h                                   drivers/rtc
include/linux/mISDNdsp.h                                 drivers/isdn/mISDN
include/linux/mISDNhw.h                                  drivers/isdn/mISDN
include/linux/mISDNif.h                                  drivers/isdn/mISDN
include/linux/mailbox_client.h                           drivers/mailbox
include/linux/mailbox_controller.h                       drivers/mailbox
include/linux/marvell_phy.h                              drivers/net/phy
include/linux/math64.h                                   kernel
include/linux/mbus.h                                     drivers/bus
include/linux/mc146818rtc.h                              drivers/rtc
include/linux/mc6821.h                                   drivers/parport
include/linux/mcb.h                                      drivers/mcb
include/linux/mei_cl_bus.h                               drivers/misc/mei
include/linux/micrel_phy.h                               drivers/net/phy
include/linux/microchipphy.h                             drivers/net/phy
include/linux/migrate_mode.h                             kernel
include/linux/miscdevice.h                               drivers/misc
include/linux/mm-arch-hooks.h                            mm
include/linux/mm_inline.h                                mm
include/linux/mm_types.h                                 mm
include/linux/mman.h                                     mm
include/linux/mmdebug.h                                  mm
include/linux/mmiotrace.h                                kernel/trace
include/linux/mnt_namespace.h                            kernel
include/linux/mod_devicetable.h                          drivers
include/linux/moduleloader.h                             kernel
include/linux/moduleparam.h                              kernel
include/linux/mpi.h                                      lib/mpi
include/linux/mpls.h                                     net/mpls
include/linux/mroute.h                                   net/ipv4
include/linux/mroute6.h                                  net/ipv6
include/linux/msdos_fs.h                                 fs/fat
include/linux/mutex-debug.h                              kernel/locking 
include/linux/mv643xx.h                                  drivers/tty/serial
include/linux/mv643xx_i2c.h                              drivers/i2c/busses
include/linux/mvebu-pmsu.h                               drivers/clk/mvebu
include/linux/nd.h                                       drivers/nvdimm
include/linux/netdev_features.h                          net/mpls
include/linux/netdevice.h                                drivers/net
include/linux/netfilter_bridge.h                         net/bridge/netfilter
include/linux/netfilter_defs.h                           net/netfilter
include/linux/netfilter_ingress.h                        net/netfilter
include/linux/netfilter_ipv4.h                           net/ipv4/netfilter
include/linux/netfilter_ipv6.h                           net/ipv6/netfilter
include/linux/netlink.h                                  net/netlink
include/linux/nfs.h                                      fs/nfs
include/linux/nfs3.h                                     fs/nfs
include/linux/nfs4.h                                     fs/nfs
include/linux/nfs_fs.h                                   fs/nfs
include/linux/nfs_fs_i.h                                 fs/nfs
include/linux/nfs_fs_sb.h                                fs/nfs
include/linux/nfs_iostat.h                               fs/nfs
include/linux/nfs_page.h                                 fs/nfs
include/linux/nfs_xdr.h                                  fs/nfs
include/linux/nilfs2_fs.h                                fs/nilfs2
include/linux/nl802154.h                                 net/ieee802154
include/linux/nls.h                                      fs/nls
include/linux/ns_common.h                                fs
include/linux/nvme.h                                     drivers/nvme
include/linux/nvmem-consumer.h                           drivers/nvmem
include/linux/nvmem-provider.h                           drivers/nvmem
include/linux/of_address.h                               drivers/of
include/linux/of_device.h                                drivers/of
include/linux/of_dma.h                                   drivers/dma
include/linux/of_fdt.h                                   drivers/of
include/linux/of_gpio.h                                  drivers/gpio
include/linux/of_graph.h                                 drivers/gpu
include/linux/of_irq.h                                   drivers/irqchip
include/linux/of_pdt.h                                   drivers/of
include/linux/omap-dmaengine.h                           drivers/media/platform/omap3isp
include/linux/omapfb.h                                   drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb
include/linux/oom.h                                      kernel
include/linux/openvswitch.h                              net/openvswitch
include/linux/oprofile.h                                 arch/$(hdr-arch)/oprofile
include/linux/oxu210hp.h                                 drivers/usb/host
include/linux/page-flags-layout.h                        mm
include/linux/page-flags.h                               mm
include/linux/page-isolation.h                           mm
include/linux/page_ref.h                                 mm
include/linux/pageblock-flags.h                          mm
include/linux/pagemap.h                                  mm
include/linux/pagevec.h                                  mm
include/linux/parport.h                                  drivers/parport
include/linux/pata_arasan_cf_data.h                      drivers/ata
include/linux/patchkey.h                                 kernel
include/linux/pci-aspm.h                                 drivers/pci
include/linux/pci-ats.h                                  drivers/pci
include/linux/pci-dma-compat.h                           drivers/pci
include/linux/pci-dma.h                                  drivers/pci
include/linux/pci_hotplug.h                              drivers/pci
include/linux/pci_ids.h                                  drivers/pci
include/linux/pcieport_if.h                              drivers/pci
include/linux/pe.h                                       crypto/asymmetric_keys
include/linux/percpu-defs.h                              drivers
include/linux/perf_regs.h                                drivers/perf
include/linux/personality.h                              security
include/linux/pfn.h                                      kernel
include/linux/phonet.h                                   net/phonet
include/linux/phy_fixed.h                                drivers/net/phy
include/linux/pid.h                                      fs/proc
include/linux/pim.h                                      net/ipv6
include/linux/pipe_fs_i.h                                fs
include/linux/platform_device.h                          drivers/platform
include/linux/pm-trace.h                                 drivers/base/power
include/linux/pm_clock.h                                 drivers/base/power
include/linux/pm_domain.h                                drivers/base/power
include/linux/pm_opp.h                                   drivers/base/power/opp
include/linux/pm_qos.h                                   drivers/base/power
include/linux/pm_wakeirq.h                               drivers/base/power
include/linux/pm_wakeup.h                                drivers/base/power
include/linux/pmu.h                                      drivers
include/linux/pnfs_osd_xdr.h                             fs/nfs/objlayout
include/linux/pnp.h                                      drivers/pnp
include/linux/poison.h                                   drivers/atm
include/linux/poll.h                                     drivers
include/linux/posix_acl_xattr.h                          fs
include/linux/power_supply.h                             drivers/power
include/linux/powercap.h                                 drivers/powercap
include/linux/ppp-comp.h                                 drivers/net/ppp
include/linux/ppp_channel.h                              drivers/net/ppp
include/linux/ppp_defs.h                                 drivers/net/ppp
include/linux/pps_kernel.h                               drivers/pps
include/linux/pr.h                                       fs/nfsd
include/linux/preempt.h                                  kernel
include/linux/prefetch.h                                 drivers
include/linux/printk.h                                   kernel/printk
include/linux/proc_fs.h                                  fs/proc
include/linux/proc_ns.h                                  fs/proc
include/linux/projid.h                                   kernel
include/linux/pstore.h                                   fs/pstore
include/linux/pstore_ram.h                               fs/pstore
include/linux/ptp_classify.h                             drivers
include/linux/ptp_clock_kernel.h                         drivers/net/phy
include/linux/pvclock_gtod.h                             kernel/time
include/linux/pwm.h                                      drivers/pwm
include/linux/pwm_backlight.h                            drivers/video/backlight
include/linux/pxa2xx_ssp.h                               sound/soc/pxa
include/linux/qnx6_fs.h                                  fs/qnx6
include/linux/quotaops.h                                 fs/quota
include/linux/ramfs.h                                    fs/ramfs
include/linux/rbtree.h                                   lib
include/linux/rbtree_augmented.h                         lib
include/linux/rbtree_latch.h                             lib
include/linux/rcu_sync.h                                 kernel/rcu
include/linux/rculist.h                                  kernel/rcu
include/linux/rculist_bl.h                               kernel/rcu
include/linux/rculist_nulls.h                            kernel/rcu
include/linux/rcupdate.h                                 kernel/rcu
include/linux/rcutiny.h                                  kernel/rcu
include/linux/rcutree.h                                  kernel/rcu
include/linux/regmap.h                                   drivers/base/regmap
include/linux/regset.h                                   kernel
include/linux/remoteproc.h                               drivers/remoteproc
include/linux/reset-controller.h                         drivers/reset
include/linux/reset.h                                    drivers/reset
include/linux/resource.h                                 kernel
include/linux/resource_ext.h                             kernel
include/linux/rfkill.h                                   net/rfkill
include/linux/rio_drv.h                                  drivers/rapidio
include/linux/rio_ids.h                                  drivers/rapidio
include/linux/rio_regs.h                                 drivers/rapidio
include/linux/rmi.h                                      drivers/input/rmi4
include/linux/rndis.h                                    drivers
include/linux/root_dev.h                                 drivers
include/linux/rpmsg.h                                    drivers/rpmsg
include/linux/rslib.h                                    lib/reed_solomon
include/linux/rtmutex.h                                  kernel/locking
include/linux/rtnetlink.h                                net/netlink
include/linux/rwlock.h                                   kernel/locking
include/linux/rwlock_api_smp.h                           kernel/locking
include/linux/rwlock_types.h                             kernel/locking
include/linux/rwsem-spinlock.h                           kernel/locking
include/linux/rxrpc.h                                    fs/afs
include/linux/scif.h                                     drivers/misc/mic/scif
include/linux/scpi_protocol.h                            drivers
include/linux/sctp.h                                     net/sctp
include/linux/scx200.h                                   arch/x86/platform/scx200
include/linux/sdb.h                                      drivers/fmc
include/linux/securebits.h                               security
include/linux/selinux.h                                  security/selinux
include/linux/sem.h                                      kernel
include/linux/seq_file_net.h                             kernel
include/linux/seqlock.h                                  kernel
include/linux/serial_8250.h                              drivers/tty/serial/8250
include/linux/serial_bcm63xx.h                           drivers/tty/serial
include/linux/serial_max3100.h                           drivers/tty/serial
include/linux/serial_pnx8xxx.h                           drivers/tty/serial
include/linux/serial_s3c.h                               drivers/tty/serial
include/linux/serial_sci.h                               drivers/tty/serial
include/linux/sh_clk.h                                   drivers/sh/clk
include/linux/sh_dma.h                                   drivers/dma/sh
include/linux/sh_intc.h                                  drivers/sh/intc
include/linux/sh_timer.h                                 drivers/clocksource
include/linux/shmem_fs.h                                 fs
include/linux/shrinker.h                                 drivers/md
include/linux/sirfsoc_dma.h                              drivers/dma
include/linux/sizes.h                                    fs
include/linux/slab_def.h                                 mm
include/linux/slub_def.h                                 mm
include/linux/sm501-regs.h                               drivers/mfd
include/linux/smc911x.h                                  drivers/net/ethernet/smsc
include/linux/smc91x.h                                   drivers/net/ethernet/smsc
include/linux/smscphy.h                                  drivers/net/ethernet/smsc
include/linux/sonet.h                                    drivers/atm
include/linux/sound.h                                    sound
include/linux/soundcard.h                                sound/core
include/linux/spinlock_api_smp.h                         fs 
include/linux/spinlock_api_up.h                          fs 
include/linux/spinlock_types.h                           fs
include/linux/spinlock_types_up.h                        fs 
include/linux/spinlock_up.h                              fs 
include/linux/stackprotector.h                           kernel/sched
include/linux/start_kernel.h                             init
include/linux/stat.h                                     kernel
include/linux/static_key.h                               kernel
include/linux/stddef.h                                   lib
include/linux/ste_modem_shm.h                            drivers/remoteproc
include/linux/stm.h                                      drivers/hwtracing/stm
include/linux/stmmac.h                                   drivers/net/ethernet/stmicro/stmmac
include/linux/stringify.h                                kernel/locking
include/linux/sunserialcore.h                            drivers/tty/serial/8250
include/linux/svga.h                                     drivers/video/fbdev/core
include/linux/sw842.h                                    lib/842
include/linux/swab.h                                     arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/linux/swapops.h                                  fs/proc
include/linux/sys.h                                      net/core
include/linux/sys_soc.h                                  drivers/base
include/linux/syscore_ops.h                              kernel
include/linux/syslog.h                                   kernel/printk
include/linux/sysv_fs.h                                  fs/sysv
include/linux/task_io_accounting.h                       kernel
include/linux/task_io_accounting_ops.h                   kernel
include/linux/taskstats_kern.h                           kernel
include/linux/tca6416_keypad.h                           drivers/input/keyboard
include/linux/tcp.h                                      drivers/net
include/linux/textsearch_fsm.h                           lib
include/linux/tfrc.h                                     net/dccp/ccids
include/linux/thread_info.h                              kernel
include/linux/threads.h                                  kernel
include/linux/ti_wilink_st.h                             drivers/bluetooth
include/linux/tick.h                                     kernel
include/linux/tifm.h                                     drivers
include/linux/timb_gpio.h                                drivers/gpio
include/linux/time64.h                                   kernel
include/linux/timekeeper_internal.h                      kernel/time
include/linux/timekeeping.h                              kernel/time
include/linux/timex.h                                    kernel/time
include/linux/tpm.h                                      drivers/char/tpm
include/linux/tpm_command.h                              security/keys
include/linux/trace_events.h                             kernel/trace/events
include/linux/tracefs.h                                  fs/tracefs
include/linux/tracehook.h                                kernel
include/linux/tracepoint-defs.h                          mm
include/linux/tsacct_kern.h                              kernel
include/linux/tty_driver.h                               drivers/tty
include/linux/tty_flip.h                                 drivers/tty
include/linux/tty_ldisc.h                                drivers/tty
include/linux/typecheck.h                                arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/linux/types.h                                    kernel
include/linux/u64_stats_sync.h                           drivers
include/linux/ucb1400.h                                  drivers
include/linux/udp.h                                      net/core
include/linux/uidgid.h                                   kernel
include/linux/uio.h                                      drivers/uio
include/linux/uio_driver.h                               drivers/uio
include/linux/usb_usual.h                                drivers/usb/storage
include/linux/usbdevice_fs.h                             fs
include/linux/user.h                                     arch/$(hdr-arch)/kernel
include/linux/userfaultfd_k.h                            fs
include/linux/util_macros.h                              drivers/iio
include/linux/uts.h                                      kernel
include/linux/uwb.h                                      drivers/uwb
include/linux/verification.h                             kernel
include/linux/vermagic.h                                 drivers/power
include/linux/vexpress.h                                 arch/arm/mach-vexpress
include/linux/vfs.h                                      fs
include/linux/via.h                                      drivers/parport
include/linux/videodev2.h                                drivers/media/common
include/linux/virtio_byteorder.h                         drivers/virtio
include/linux/virtio_caif.h                              drivers/virtio
include/linux/virtio_config.h                            drivers/virtio
include/linux/vm_event_item.h                            net
include/linux/vm_sockets.h                               net/vmw_vsock
include/linux/vmw_vmci_api.h                             drivers/misc/vmw_vmci
include/linux/vmw_vmci_defs.h                            drivers/misc/vmw_vmci
include/linux/vt.h                                       drivers/tty/vt
include/linux/vt_buffer.h                                drivers/video/console
include/linux/vt_kern.h                                  drivers/tty/vt
include/linux/vtime.h                                    kernel/time
include/linux/wanrouter.h                                drivers/isdn/i4l
include/linux/watchdog.h                                 drivers/watchdog
include/linux/wireless.h                                 drivers/net/wireless
include/linux/wl12xx.h                                   drivers
include/linux/wm97xx.h                                   drivers
include/linux/writeback.h                                drivers
include/linux/ww_mutex.h                                 kernel/locking
include/linux/xz.h                                       lib/xz
include/linux/zconf.h                                    lib
include/linux/zutil.h                                    lib
include/linux/amba/*                                     drivers/amba 
include/linux/bcma/*                                     drivers/bcma
include/linux/byteorder/*                                arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/linux/can/*                                      drivers/net/can 
include/linux/can/platform/cc770.h                       drivers/net/can/cc770 
include/linux/can/platform/mcp251x.h                     drivers/net/can/spi 
include/linux/can/platform/sja1000.h                     drivers/net/can/sja1000
include/linux/ceph/*                                     net/ceph 
include/linux/ceph/debugfs.h                             fs/ceph
include/linux/ceph/mdsmap.h                              fs/ceph 
include/linux/clk/*                                      drivers/clk 
include/linux/clk/tegra.h                                drivers/clk/tegra 
include/linux/clk/at91_pmc.h                             drivers/clk/at91
include/linux/clk/bcm2835.h                              drivers/clk/bcm
include/linux/clk/mmp.h                                  drivers/clk/mmp
include/linux/clk/mxs.h                                  drivers/clk/mxs
include/linux/clk/renesas.h                              drivers/clk/renesas
include/linux/clk/ti.h                                   drivers/clk/ti
include/linux/clk/zynq.h                                 drivers/clk/zynq
include/linux/crush/*                                    net/ceph
include/linux/decompress/*                               lib
include/linux/dma/*                                      drivers/dma
include/linux/dma/dw.h                                   drivers/dma/dw
include/linux/dma/hsu.h                                  drivers/dma/hsu
include/linux/dma/ipu-dma.h                              drivers/dma/ipu
include/linux/dma/xilinx_dma.h                           drivers/dma/xilinx
include/linux/extcon/extcon-adc-jack.h                   drivers/extcon 
include/linux/extcon/extcon-gpio.h                       drivers/extcon 
include/linux/fpga/fpga-mgr.h                            drivers/fpga 
include/linux/fsl/edac.h                                 drivers/edac
include/linux/fsl/guts.h                                 drivers
include/linux/fsl/bestcomm/*                             drivers/dma/bestcomm 
include/linux/gpio/consumer.h                            drivers/gpio
include/linux/gpio/driver.h                              drivers/gpio
include/linux/gpio/machine.h                             drivers/gpio
include/linux/hsi/*                                      drivers/hsi 
include/linux/hsi/ssi_protocol.h                         drivers/hsi/clients 
include/linux/i2c/*                                      drivers/i2c
include/linux/i2c/i2c-sh_mobile.h                        drivers/i2c/busses 
include/linux/i2c/bfin_twi.h                             drivers/i2c/busses
include/linux/i2c/pca954x.h                              drivers/i2c/muxes
include/linux/i2c/pxa-i2c.h                              drivers/i2c/busses
include/linux/iio/*                                      drivers/iio
include/linux/iio/kfifo_buf.h                            drivers/iio/buffer 
include/linux/iio/buffer-dma.h                           drivers/iio/buffer
include/linux/iio/buffer-dmaengine.h                     drivers/iio/buffer
include/linux/iio/buffer.h                               drivers/iio/buffer
include/linux/iio/accel/kxcjk_1013.h                     drivers/iio/accel
include/linux/iio/adc/ad_sigma_delta.h                   drivers/iio/adc 
include/linux/iio/common/st_sensors_i2c.h                drivers/iio/common/st_sensors 
include/linux/iio/common/st_sensors_spi.h                drivers/iio/common/st_sensors 
include/linux/iio/common/ssp_sensors.h                   drivers/iio/common/ssp_sensors
include/linux/iio/common/st_sensors.h                    drivers/iio/common/st_sensors
include/linux/iio/dac/*                                  drivers/iio/dac 
include/linux/iio/frequency/*                            drivers/iio/frequency 
include/linux/iio/gyro/*                                 drivers/iio/gyro
include/linux/iio/imu/*                                  drivers/iio/imu 
include/linux/iio/magnetometer/*                         drivers/iio/magnetometer 
include/linux/input/*                                    drivers/input
include/linux/input/ad714x.h                             drivers/input/misc 
include/linux/input/adxl34x.h                            drivers/input/misc 
include/linux/input/as5011.h                             drivers/input/joystick 
include/linux/input/auo-pixcir-ts.h                      drivers/input/touchscreen 
include/linux/input/eeti_ts.h                            drivers/input/touchscreen 
include/linux/input/gp2ap002a00f.h                       drivers/input/misc 
include/linux/input/ili210x.h                            drivers/input/touchscreen 
include/linux/input/kxtj9.h                              drivers/input/misc 
include/linux/input/lm8333.h                             drivers/input/keyboard 
include/linux/input/matrix_keypad.h                      drivers/input/keyboard 
include/linux/input/navpoint.h                           drivers/input/mouse 
include/linux/input/samsung-keypad.h                     drivers/input/keyboard 
include/linux/input/sh_keysc.h                           drivers/input/keyboard 
include/linux/input/sparse-keymap.h                      drivers/input 
include/linux/input/tca8418_keypad.h                     drivers/input/keyboard 
include/linux/input/tps6507x-ts.h                        drivers/input/touchscreen 
include/linux/input/adp5589.h                            drivers/input/keyboard
include/linux/input/bu21013.h                            drivers/input/touchscreen
include/linux/input/cma3000.h                            drivers/input/misc
include/linux/input/cy8ctmg110_pdata.h                   drivers/input/touchscreen
include/linux/input/cyttsp.h                             drivers/input/touchscreen
include/linux/input/gpio_tilt.h                          drivers/input/misc
include/linux/input/touchscreen.h                        drivers/input/touchscreen
include/linux/irqchip/*                                  drivers/irqchip 
include/linux/isdn/*                                     drivers/isdn
include/linux/isdn/capiutil.h                            drivers/isdn/capi 
include/linux/lockd/*                                    fs/lockd
include/linux/mfd/*                                      drivers/mfd 
include/linux/mfd/abx500/*                               drivers/mfd 
include/linux/mfd/arizona/*                              drivers/mfd
include/linux/mfd/da9052/*                               drivers/mfd
include/linux/mfd/da9055/*                               drivers/mfd
include/linux/mfd/da9062/*                               drivers/mfd
include/linux/mfd/da9063/*                               drivers/mfd
include/linux/mfd/da9150/*                               drivers/mfd
include/linux/mfd/mt6323/*                               drivers/mfd
include/linux/mfd/mt6397/*                               drivers/mfd
include/linux/mfd/pcf50633/*                             drivers/mfd
include/linux/mfd/samsung/*                              drivers/mfd
include/linux/mfd/syscon/*                               drivers/mfd
include/linux/mfd/wm831x/*                               drivers/mfd
include/linux/mfd/wm8350/*                               drivers/mfd
include/linux/mfd/wm8994/*                               drivers/mfd
include/linux/mlx4/*                                     drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx4 
include/linux/mlx5/*                                     drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5
include/linux/mmc/dw_mmc.h                               drivers/mmc/host 
include/linux/mmc/host.h                                 drivers/mmc/host 
include/linux/mmc/mmc.h                                  drivers/mmc/core 
include/linux/mmc/sd.h                                   drivers/mmc/core 
include/linux/mmc/sdhci-pci-data.h                       drivers/mmc/host 
include/linux/mmc/sdio.h                                 drivers/mmc/core
include/linux/mmc/sh_mmcif.h                             drivers/mmc/host 
include/linux/mmc/slot-gpio.h                            drivers/mmc/core 
include/linux/mmc/boot.h                                 drivers/mmc/core 
include/linux/mmc/card.h                                 drivers/mmc
include/linux/mmc/core.h                                 drivers/mmc/core
include/linux/mmc/pm.h                                   drivers/mmc/host
include/linux/mmc/sdio_func.h                            drivers/mmc
include/linux/mmc/sdio_ids.h                             drivers/mmc
include/linux/mtd/ftl.h                                  drivers/mtd 
include/linux/mtd/gen_probe.h                            drivers/mtd/chips 
include/linux/mtd/latch-addr-flash.h                     drivers/mtd/maps 
include/linux/mtd/lpc32xx_mlc.h                          drivers/mtd/nand 
include/linux/mtd/lpc32xx_slc.h                          drivers/mtd/nand 
include/linux/mtd/mtd.h                                  drivers/mtd
include/linux/mtd/mtdram.h                               drivers/mtd/devices 
include/linux/mtd/nand_bch.h                             drivers/mtd/nand 
include/linux/mtd/nand_ecc.h                             drivers/mtd/nand 
include/linux/mtd/ndfc.h                                 drivers/mtd/nand 
include/linux/mtd/physmap.h                              drivers/mtd/maps 
include/linux/mtd/pismo.h                                drivers/mtd/maps 
include/linux/mtd/plat-ram.h                             drivers/mtd/maps 
include/linux/mtd/sh_flctl.h                             drivers/mtd/nand 
include/linux/mtd/sharpsl.h                              drivers/mtd/nand 
include/linux/mtd/spear_smi.h                            drivers/mtd/devices 
include/linux/mtd/spi-nor.h                              drivers/mtd/spi-nor 
include/linux/mtd/super.h                                drivers/mtd
include/linux/mtd/bbm.h                                  drivers/mtd/nand
include/linux/mtd/blktrans.h                             drivers/mtd
include/linux/mtd/cfi.h                                  drivers/mtd
include/linux/mtd/cfi_endian.h                           drivers/mtd
include/linux/mtd/concat.h                               drivers/mtd
include/linux/mtd/doc2000.h                              drivers/mtd/nand
include/linux/mtd/flashchip.h                            drivers/mtd/maps
include/linux/mtd/fsmc.h                                 drivers/mtd/nand
include/linux/mtd/inftl.h                                drivers/mtd
include/linux/mtd/map.h                                  drivers/mtd
include/linux/mtd/nand-gpio.h                            drivers/mtd/nand
include/linux/mtd/nand.h                                 drivers/mtd/nand
include/linux/mtd/nftl.h                                 drivers/mtd
include/linux/mtd/onenand.h                              drivers/mtd/onenand
include/linux/mtd/onenand_regs.h                         drivers/mtd/onenand
include/linux/mtd/partitions.h                           drivers/mtd
include/linux/mtd/pfow.h                                 drivers/mtd/lpddr
include/linux/mtd/qinfo.h                                drivers/mtd/lpddr
include/linux/mtd/ubi.h                                  drivers/mtd/ubi
include/linux/mtd/xip.h                                  drivers/mtd
include/linux/netfilter/*                                net/netfilter 
include/linux/netfilter/ipset/*                          net/netfilter/ipset 
include/linux/netfilter_arp/*                            net/ipv4/netfilter 
include/linux/netfilter_bridge/*                         net/bridge/netfilter 
include/linux/netfilter_ipv4/*                           net/ipv4/netfilter 
include/linux/netfilter_ipv6/*                           net/ipv6/netfilter 
include/linux/perf/*                                     drivers/perf 
include/linux/phy/*                                      drivers/phy 
include/linux/phy/tegra/xusb.h                           drivers/usb/host
include/linux/pinctrl/*                                  drivers/pinctrl 
include/linux/pinctrl/pinctrl.h                          drivers/pinctrl/sh-pfc 
include/linux/pinctrl/devinfo.h                          drivers/base
include/linux/pinctrl/pinctrl-state.h                    drivers/mmc/host
include/linux/platform_data/ad5449.h                     drivers/iio/dac 
include/linux/platform_data/ad5755.h                     drivers/iio/dac 
include/linux/platform_data/ad5761.h                     drivers/iio/dac 
include/linux/platform_data/ad7266.h                     drivers/iio/adc 
include/linux/platform_data/ad7291.h                     drivers/iio/adc 
include/linux/platform_data/ad7298.h                     drivers/iio/adc 
include/linux/platform_data/ad7303.h                     drivers/iio/dac 
include/linux/platform_data/ad7791.h                     drivers/iio/adc 
include/linux/platform_data/ad7793.h                     drivers/iio/adc 
include/linux/platform_data/ad7879.h                     drivers/input/touchscreen 
include/linux/platform_data/ad7887.h                     drivers/iio/adc 
include/linux/platform_data/adau1977.h                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/linux/platform_data/ads7828.h                    drivers/hwmon 
include/linux/platform_data/at24.h                       drivers/misc/eeprom 
include/linux/platform_data/at91_adc.h                   drivers/iio/adc 
include/linux/platform_data/atmel_mxt_ts.h               drivers/input/touchscreen 
include/linux/platform_data/bcmgenet.h                   drivers/net/ethernet/broadcom/genet 
include/linux/platform_data/bd6107.h                     drivers/video/backlight 
include/linux/platform_data/bfin_rotary.h                drivers/input/misc 
include/linux/platform_data/clk-u300.h                   drivers/clk 
include/linux/platform_data/cpuidle-exynos.h             drivers/cpuidle 
include/linux/platform_data/db8500_thermal.h             drivers/thermal 
include/linux/platform_data/dwc3-omap.h                  drivers/usb/dwc3 
include/linux/platform_data/edma.h                       drivers/dma 
include/linux/platform_data/efm32-uart.h                 drivers/tty/serial 
include/linux/platform_data/ehci-sh.h                    drivers/usb/host 
include/linux/platform_data/fsa9480.h                    drivers/misc 
include/linux/platform_data/g762.h                       drivers/hwmon 
include/linux/platform_data/gpio-ath79.h                 drivers/gpio 
include/linux/platform_data/gpio-davinci.h               drivers/gpio 
include/linux/platform_data/gpio-dwapb.h                 drivers/gpio 
include/linux/platform_data/gpio-lpc32xx.h               drivers/gpio 
include/linux/platform_data/gpio-omap.h                  drivers/gpio 
include/linux/platform_data/gpio-ts5500.h                drivers/gpio 
include/linux/platform_data/gpio_backlight.h             drivers/video/backlight 
include/linux/platform_data/i2c-cbus-gpio.h              drivers/i2c/busses 
include/linux/platform_data/i2c-davinci.h                drivers/i2c/busses 
include/linux/platform_data/i2c-imx.h                    drivers/i2c/busses 
include/linux/platform_data/i2c-mux-reg.h                drivers/i2c/muxes 
include/linux/platform_data/i2c-s3c2410.h                drivers/i2c/busses 
include/linux/platform_data/ina2xx.h                     drivers/hwmon 
include/linux/platform_data/intel-mid_wdt.h              drivers/watchdog 
include/linux/platform_data/isl9305.h                    drivers/regulator 
include/linux/platform_data/leds-lm355x.h                drivers/leds 
include/linux/platform_data/leds-lm3642.h                drivers/leds 
include/linux/platform_data/leds-pca963x.h               drivers/leds 
include/linux/platform_data/leds-s3c24xx.h               drivers/leds 
include/linux/platform_data/lm3630a_bl.h                 drivers/video/backlight 
include/linux/platform_data/lm3639_bl.h                  drivers/video/backlight 
include/linux/platform_data/lp8755.h                     drivers/regulator 
include/linux/platform_data/lv5207lp.h                   drivers/video/backlight 
include/linux/platform_data/macb.h                       drivers/net/ethernet/cadence 
include/linux/platform_data/max197.h                     drivers/hwmon 
include/linux/platform_data/max3421-hcd.h                drivers/usb/host 
include/linux/platform_data/max6697.h                    drivers/hwmon 
include/linux/platform_data/mdio-gpio.h                  drivers/net/phy 
include/linux/platform_data/ntc_thermistor.h             drivers/hwmon 
include/linux/platform_data/omap-twl4030.h               sound/soc/omap 
include/linux/platform_data/omap1_bl.h                   drivers/video/backlight 
include/linux/platform_data/pinctrl-adi2.h               drivers/pinctrl 
include/linux/platform_data/pinctrl-single.h             drivers/pinctrl 
include/linux/platform_data/pixcir_i2c_ts.h              drivers/input/touchscreen 
include/linux/platform_data/regulator-haptic.h           drivers/input/misc 
include/linux/platform_data/s3c-hsudc.h                  drivers/usb/gadget/udc 
include/linux/platform_data/sdhci-pic32.h                drivers/mmc/host 
include/linux/platform_data/sht15.h                      drivers/hwmon 
include/linux/platform_data/shtc1.h                      drivers/hwmon 
include/linux/platform_data/simplefb.h                   drivers/video/fbdev 
include/linux/platform_data/sky81452-backlight.h         drivers/video/backlight 
include/linux/platform_data/spi-clps711x.h               drivers/spi 
include/linux/platform_data/spi-davinci.h                drivers/spi 
include/linux/platform_data/spi-ep93xx.h                 drivers/spi 
include/linux/platform_data/spi-imx.h                    drivers/spi 
include/linux/platform_data/spi-mt65xx.h                 drivers/spi 
include/linux/platform_data/spi-nuc900.h                 drivers/spi 
include/linux/platform_data/spi-omap2-mcspi.h            drivers/spi 
include/linux/platform_data/spi-s3c64xx.h                drivers/spi 
include/linux/platform_data/ssm2518.h                    sound/soc/codecs 
include/linux/platform_data/syscon.h                     drivers/mfd 
include/linux/platform_data/tsl2563.h                    drivers/iio/light 
include/linux/platform_data/uio_dmem_genirq.h            drivers/uio 
include/linux/platform_data/uio_pruss.h                  drivers/uio 
include/linux/platform_data/usb3503.h                    drivers/usb/misc 
include/linux/platform_data/ux500_wdt.h                  drivers/watchdog 
include/linux/platform_data/zforce_ts.h                  drivers/input/touchscreen 
include/linux/platform_data/adau17x1.h                   sound/soc/codecs
include/linux/platform_data/arm-ux500-pm.h               arch/arm/mach-ux500
include/linux/platform_data/asoc-imx-ssi.h               arch/arm/mach-imx
include/linux/platform_data/asoc-kirkwood.h              sound/soc/kirkwood
include/linux/platform_data/asoc-mx27vis.h               sound/soc/fsl
include/linux/platform_data/asoc-palm27x.h               sound/soc/pxa
include/linux/platform_data/asoc-s3c.h                   arch/arm/mach-s3c64xx
include/linux/platform_data/asoc-s3c24xx_simtec.h        arch/arm/mach-s3c24xx
include/linux/platform_data/asoc-ti-mcbsp.h              sound/soc/omap
include/linux/platform_data/asoc-ux500-msp.h             sound/soc/ux500
include/linux/platform_data/ata-pxa.h                    drivers/ata
include/linux/platform_data/ata-samsung_cf.h             drivers/ata
include/linux/platform_data/atmel.h                      drivers/ata
include/linux/platform_data/brcmfmac.h                   drivers/net/wireless/broadcom/brcm80211/brcmfmac
include/linux/platform_data/bt-nokia-h4p.h               drivers 
include/linux/platform_data/clk-integrator.h             arch/arm/mach-integrator
include/linux/platform_data/clk-lpss.h                   drivers/clk/x86
include/linux/platform_data/clk-realview.h               arch/arm/mach-realview
include/linux/platform_data/clk-ux500.h                  drivers/clk/ux500
include/linux/platform_data/crypto-atmel.h               drivers/crypto
include/linux/platform_data/crypto-ux500.h               drivers/crypto/ux500
include/linux/platform_data/cyttsp4.h                    drivers/input/touchscreen
include/linux/platform_data/davinci_asp.h                sound/soc/davinci
include/linux/platform_data/dma-atmel.h                  drivers/dma
include/linux/platform_data/dma-coh901318.h              drivers/dma
include/linux/platform_data/dma-dw.h                     drivers/dma
include/linux/platform_data/dma-ep93xx.h                 drivers/dma
include/linux/platform_data/dma-hsu.h                    drivers/dma
include/linux/platform_data/dma-imx-sdma.h               drivers/dma
include/linux/platform_data/dma-imx.h                    drivers/dma
include/linux/platform_data/dma-mmp_tdma.h               drivers/dma
include/linux/platform_data/dma-mv_xor.h                 drivers/dma
include/linux/platform_data/dma-s3c24xx.h                drivers/dma
include/linux/platform_data/dma-ste-dma40.h              drivers/dma
include/linux/platform_data/dmtimer-omap.h               arch/arm
include/linux/platform_data/drv260x-pdata.h              drivers/input/misc
include/linux/platform_data/efm32-spi.h                  drivers/spi
include/linux/platform_data/elm.h                        drivers/mtd/nand
include/linux/platform_data/emif_plat.h                  drivers/memory
include/linux/platform_data/eth-netx.h                   arch/arm/mach-netx
include/linux/platform_data/gpmc-omap.h                  drivers/memory
include/linux/platform_data/hsmmc-omap.h                 arch/arm/mach-omap2
include/linux/platform_data/hwmon-s3c.h                  drivers/hwmon
include/linux/platform_data/i2c-designware.h             drivers/i2c/busses
include/linux/platform_data/i2c-nuc900.h                 drivers/i2c 
include/linux/platform_data/invensense_mpu6050.h         drivers/iio/imu/inv_mpu6050
include/linux/platform_data/iommu-omap.h                 arch/arm/mach-omap2
include/linux/platform_data/irda-pxaficp.h               arch/arm/mach-pxa
include/linux/platform_data/irda-sa11x0.h                arch/arm/mach-sa1100
include/linux/platform_data/itco_wdt.h                   drivers/watchdog
include/linux/platform_data/keyboard-pxa930_rotary.h     drivers/input/keyboard
include/linux/platform_data/keyboard-spear.h             drivers/input/keyboard
include/linux/platform_data/keypad-ep93xx.h              arch/arm/mach-ep93xx
include/linux/platform_data/keypad-nomadik-ske.h         drivers/input/keyboard
include/linux/platform_data/keypad-omap.h                arch/arm/mach-omap1
include/linux/platform_data/keypad-pxa27x.h              arch/arm/mach-pxa
include/linux/platform_data/keypad-w90p910.h             arch/arm/mach-w90x900
include/linux/platform_data/keyscan-davinci.h            arch/arm/mach-davinci
include/linux/platform_data/lcd-mipid.h                  drivers/video/fbdev/omap
include/linux/platform_data/leds-kirkwood-netxbig.h      drivers/leds
include/linux/platform_data/leds-kirkwood-ns2.h          drivers/leds
include/linux/platform_data/leds-lp55xx.h                drivers/leds
include/linux/platform_data/leds-omap.h                  arch/arm/mach-omap1
include/linux/platform_data/lp855x.h                     drivers/video/backlight
include/linux/platform_data/lp8727.h                     drivers/power
include/linux/platform_data/mfd-mcp-sa11x0.h             arch/arm/mach-sa1100
include/linux/platform_data/mmc-davinci.h                arch/arm/mach-davinci
include/linux/platform_data/mmc-esdhc-imx.h              arch/arm/mach-imx/devices
include/linux/platform_data/mmc-mxcmmc.h                 drivers/mmc/host
include/linux/platform_data/mmc-omap.h                   arch/arm
include/linux/platform_data/mmc-pxamci.h                 drivers/mmc/host
include/linux/platform_data/mmc-s3cmci.h                 drivers/mmc/host
include/linux/platform_data/mmc-sdhci-s3c.h              drivers/mmc/host
include/linux/platform_data/mmp_audio.h                  sound/soc/pxa
include/linux/platform_data/mmp_dma.h                    drivers/dma
include/linux/platform_data/mouse-pxa930_trkball.h       drivers/input/mouse
include/linux/platform_data/mtd-davinci-aemif.h          arch/arm/mach-davinci
include/linux/platform_data/mtd-davinci.h                arch/arm/mach-davinci
include/linux/platform_data/mtd-mxc_nand.h               drivers/mtd/nand
include/linux/platform_data/mtd-nand-omap2.h             drivers/mtd/nand
include/linux/platform_data/mtd-nand-pxa3xx.h            drivers/mtd/nand
include/linux/platform_data/mtd-nand-s3c2410.h           drivers/mtd/nand
include/linux/platform_data/mtd-onenand-omap2.h          drivers/mtd/nand
include/linux/platform_data/mtd-orion_nand.h             drivers/mtd/nand
include/linux/platform_data/mv_usb.h                     drivers/usb/host
include/linux/platform_data/net-cw1200.h                 drivers/net/wireless/st/cw1200
include/linux/platform_data/nfcmrvl.h                    drivers/nfc/nfcmrvl
include/linux/platform_data/nxp-nci.h                    drivers/nfc/nxp-nci
include/linux/platform_data/omap-wd-timer.h              drivers/watchdog
include/linux/platform_data/omap_drm.h                   drivers/gpu/drm/omapdrm
include/linux/platform_data/pca953x.h                    drivers/gpio
include/linux/platform_data/pcmcia-pxa2xx_viper.h        drivers/pcmcia
include/linux/platform_data/pn544.h                      drivers/nfc/pn544
include/linux/platform_data/pwm_omap_dmtimer.h           arch/arm/mach-omap2
include/linux/platform_data/pxa2xx_udc.h                 arch/arm/mach-pxa
include/linux/platform_data/pxa_sdhci.h                  arch/arm/mach-mmp
include/linux/platform_data/remoteproc-omap.h            drivers/remoteproc
include/linux/platform_data/s3c-hsotg.h                  arch/arm/mach-s3c64xx
include/linux/platform_data/sa11x0-serial.h              arch/arm/mach-sa1100
include/linux/platform_data/sc18is602.h                  drivers/spi
include/linux/platform_data/serial-imx.h                 arch/arm/mach-imx/devices
include/linux/platform_data/serial-omap.h                arch/arm/mach-omap2
include/linux/platform_data/serial-sccnxp.h              arch/mips/sni
include/linux/platform_data/sh_ipmmu.h                   mm
include/linux/platform_data/shmob_drm.h                  drivers/gpu/drm/shmobile
include/linux/platform_data/si5351.h                     drivers/clk
include/linux/platform_data/st-nci.h                     drivers/nfc/st-nci
include/linux/platform_data/st1232_pdata.h               drivers/input/touchscreen
include/linux/platform_data/st21nfca.h                   drivers/nfc/st21nfca
include/linux/platform_data/st33zp24.h                   drivers/char/tpm/st33zp24
include/linux/platform_data/st_sensors_pdata.h           drivers
include/linux/platform_data/touchscreen-s3c2410.h        arch/arm/mach-s3c24xx
include/linux/platform_data/usb-davinci.h                arch/arm/mach-davinci
include/linux/platform_data/usb-ehci-mxc.h               arch/arm/mach-imx
include/linux/platform_data/usb-ehci-orion.h             arch/arm/plat-orion
include/linux/platform_data/usb-musb-ux500.h             drivers/usb/musb
include/linux/platform_data/usb-mx2.h                    arch/arm/mach-imx/devices
include/linux/platform_data/usb-ohci-pxa27x.h            arch/arm/mach-pxa
include/linux/platform_data/usb-ohci-s3c2410.h           arch/arm/mach-s3c24xx
include/linux/platform_data/usb-omap.h                   arch/arm/mach-omap2
include/linux/platform_data/usb-omap1.h                  arch/arm/mach-omap1/include/mach
include/linux/platform_data/usb-pxa3xx-ulpi.h            arch/arm/mach-pxa
include/linux/platform_data/usb-s3c2410_udc.h            arch/arm/mach-s3c24xx
include/linux/platform_data/video-clcd-versatile.h       arch/arm/mach-versatile
include/linux/platform_data/video-ep93xx.h               arch/arm/mach-ep93xx
include/linux/platform_data/video-imxfb.h                arch/arm/mach-imx/devices
include/linux/platform_data/video-mx3fb.h                arch/arm/mach-imx/devices
include/linux/platform_data/video-nuc900fb.h             arch/arm/mach-w90x900
include/linux/platform_data/video-pxafb.h                arch/arm/mach-pxa
include/linux/platform_data/video_s3c.h                  drivers/video/fbdev
include/linux/platform_data/voltage-omap.h               arch/arm/mach-omap2
include/linux/platform_data/wiznet.h                     drivers/net/ethernet/wiznet
include/linux/platform_data/wkup_m3.h                    arch/arm/mach-omap2
include/linux/platform_data/media/gpio-ir-recv.h         drivers/media/rc 
include/linux/platform_data/media/ir-rx51.h              drivers/media/rc 
include/linux/platform_data/media/omap1_camera.h         drivers/staging/media/omap1 
include/linux/platform_data/media/soc_camera_platform.h  drivers/media/platform/soc_camera 
include/linux/platform_data/media/camera-mx2.h           drivers/staging/media/mx2
include/linux/platform_data/media/camera-mx3.h           drivers/staging/media/mx3
include/linux/platform_data/media/camera-pxa.h           drivers/media/platform/soc_camera
include/linux/platform_data/media/coda.h                 drivers/media/platform/coda
include/linux/platform_data/media/mmp-camera.h           drivers/media/platform/marvell-ccic
include/linux/platform_data/media/omap4iss.h             drivers/staging/media/omap4iss
include/linux/platform_data/media/s5p_hdmi.h             drivers/media/platform/s5p-tv
include/linux/platform_data/media/si4713.h               drivers/media/radio/si4713
include/linux/platform_data/media/sii9234.h              drivers/media/platform/s5p-tv
include/linux/platform_data/media/timb_radio.h           drivers/media/radio
include/linux/platform_data/media/timb_video.h           drivers/staging/media/timb
include/linux/power/ab8500.h                             drivers/hwmon 
include/linux/power/bq2415x_charger.h                    drivers/power 
include/linux/power/bq24190_charger.h                    drivers/power 
include/linux/power/bq24735-charger.h                    drivers/power 
include/linux/power/bq27xxx_battery.h                    drivers/power 
include/linux/power/charger-manager.h                    drivers/power 
include/linux/power/generic-adc-battery.h                drivers/power 
include/linux/power/gpio-charger.h                       drivers/power 
include/linux/power/isp1704_charger.h                    drivers/power 
include/linux/power/jz4740-battery.h                     drivers/power 
include/linux/power/max17042_battery.h                   drivers/power 
include/linux/power/max8903_charger.h                    drivers/power 
include/linux/power/sbs-battery.h                        drivers/power 
include/linux/power/smartreflex.h                        drivers/power/avs 
include/linux/power/smb347-charger.h                     drivers/power 
include/linux/power/twl4030_madc_battery.h               drivers/power 
include/linux/qed/*                                      drivers/net/ethernet/qlogic/qed
include/linux/raid/xor.h                                 crypto
include/linux/raid/md_u.h                                drivers/md
include/linux/raid/pq.h                                  drivers/md
include/linux/regulator/*                                drivers/regulator 
include/linux/reset/*                                    arch/arm/mach-bcm 
include/linux/rtc/*                                      drivers/rtc
include/linux/sched/*                                    kernel/sched
include/linux/soc/brcmstb/*                              drivers/soc/brcmstb
include/linux/soc/dove/*                                 drivers/soc/dove
include/linux/soc/mediatek/*                             drivers/soc/mediatek
include/linux/soc/qcom/*                                 drivers/soc/qcom 
include/linux/soc/renesas/*                              drivers/soc/renesas 
include/linux/soc/samsung/*                              drivers/soc/samsung 
include/linux/soc/sunxi/*                                drivers/soc/sunxi 
include/linux/soc/ti/*                                   drivers/soc/ti 
include/linux/soc/ti/ti-msgmgr.h                         drivers/mailbox 
include/linux/spi/*                                      drivers/spi
include/linux/spi/ad7877.h                               drivers/input/touchscreen 
include/linux/spi/ads7846.h                              drivers/input/touchscreen 
include/linux/spi/at73c213.h                             sound/spi 
include/linux/spi/at86rf230.h                            drivers/net/ieee802154 
include/linux/spi/cc2520.h                               drivers/net/ieee802154 
include/linux/spi/corgi_lcd.h                            drivers/video/backlight 
include/linux/spi/l4f00242t03.h                          drivers/video/backlight 
include/linux/spi/lms283gf05.h                           drivers/video/backlight 
include/linux/spi/mmc_spi.h                              drivers/mmc/host 
include/linux/spi/tdo24m.h                               drivers/video/backlight 
include/linux/spi/ds1305.h                               drivers/rtc
include/linux/spi/eeprom.h                               drivers/misc/eeprom
include/linux/spi/ifx_modem.h                            drivers/tty/serial
include/linux/spi/libertas_spi.h                         drivers/net/wireless/marvell/libertas
include/linux/spi/max7301.h                              drivers/gpio
include/linux/spi/mc33880.h                              drivers/gpio
include/linux/spi/mcp23s08.h                             drivers/gpio
include/linux/spi/tsc2005.h                              drivers/input/touchscreen
include/linux/ssb/*                                      drivers/ssb
include/linux/sunrpc/*                                   net/sunrpc 
include/linux/sunrpc/auth_gss.h                          net/sunrpc/auth_gss 
include/linux/sunrpc/stats.h                             fs/nfsd 
include/linux/sunrpc/svc.h                               fs/lockd 
include/linux/sunrpc/svc_rdma.h                          net/sunrpc/xprtrdma 
include/linux/sunrpc/svcauth_gss.h                       net/sunrpc/auth_gss 
include/linux/sunrpc/gss_asn1.h                          net/sunrpc/auth_gss
include/linux/sunrpc/gss_err.h                           net/sunrpc/auth_gss
include/linux/sunrpc/gss_krb5.h                          net/sunrpc/auth_gss
include/linux/sunrpc/gss_krb5_enctypes.h                 net/sunrpc/auth_gss
include/linux/sunrpc/rpc_rdma.h                          net/sunrpc/xprtrdma
include/linux/sunrpc/xprtrdma.h                          net/sunrpc/xprtrdma
include/linux/ulpi/*                                     drivers/usb/common
include/linux/unaligned/*                                drivers/nfc
include/linux/usb/atmel_usba_udc.h                       drivers/usb/gadget/udc 
include/linux/usb/cdc-wdm.h                              drivers/usb/class 
include/linux/usb/cdc_ncm.h                              drivers/net/usb 
include/linux/usb/composite.h                            drivers/usb/gadget 
include/linux/usb/ezusb.h                                drivers/usb/misc 
include/linux/usb/gadget.h                               drivers/usb/gadget
include/linux/usb/hcd.h                                  drivers/usb/core
include/linux/usb/input.h                                sound/usb/caiaq 
include/linux/usb/iowarrior.h                            drivers/usb/misc 
include/linux/usb/of.h                                   drivers/usb/phy 
include/linux/usb/otg.h                                  drivers/usb/chipidea 
include/linux/usb/phy.h                                  drivers/usb/phy 
include/linux/usb/quirks.h                               drivers/usb/core 
include/linux/usb/rndis_host.h                           drivers/net/usb 
include/linux/usb/uas.h                                  drivers/usb/storage 
include/linux/usb/usbnet.h                               drivers/net/usb 
include/linux/usb/association.h                          drivers/usb/wusbcore
include/linux/usb/audio-v2.h                             sound/usb
include/linux/usb/audio.h                                sound/usb
include/linux/usb/c67x00.h                               drivers/usb/c67x00
include/linux/usb/cdc.h                                  drivers/usb
include/linux/usb/ch9.h                                  drivers/usb
include/linux/usb/chipidea.h                             drivers/usb/chipidea
include/linux/usb/ehci-dbgp.h                            drivers/usb/host
include/linux/usb/ehci_def.h                             drivers/usb/host
include/linux/usb/ehci_pdriver.h                         drivers/usb/host
include/linux/usb/functionfs.h                           drivers/usb/gadget/function
include/linux/usb/g_hid.h                                drivers/usb/gadget
include/linux/usb/gadget_configfs.h                      drivers/usb/gadget
include/linux/usb/gpio_vbus.h                            drivers/usb/phy
include/linux/usb/irda.h                                 drivers/usb/serial
include/linux/usb/isp116x.h                              drivers/usb/host
include/linux/usb/isp1301.h                              drivers/usb/host
include/linux/usb/isp1362.h                              drivers/usb/host
include/linux/usb/isp1760.h                              drivers/usb/isp1760
include/linux/usb/m66592.h                               drivers/usb/gadget/udc
include/linux/usb/msm_hsusb.h                            drivers/usb/phy
include/linux/usb/msm_hsusb_hw.h                         drivers/usb/phy
include/linux/usb/musb-ux500.h                           drivers/usb/musb
include/linux/usb/musb.h                                 drivers/usb/musb
include/linux/usb/net2280.h                              drivers/usb/gadget/udc
include/linux/usb/ohci_pdriver.h                         drivers/usb/host
include/linux/usb/otg-fsm.h                              drivers/usb
include/linux/usb/phy_companion.h                        drivers/usb/phy
include/linux/usb/r8a66597.h                             drivers/usb/host
include/linux/usb/renesas_usbhs.h                        drivers/usb/renesas_usbhs
include/linux/usb/samsung_usb_phy.h                      drivers/usb/phy
include/linux/usb/serial.h                               drivers/usb/serial
include/linux/usb/sl811.h                                drivers/usb/host
include/linux/usb/storage.h                              drivers/usb/storage
include/linux/usb/tegra_usb_phy.h                        drivers/usb/phy
include/linux/usb/tilegx.h                               drivers/usb/host
include/linux/usb/ulpi.h                                 drivers/usb
include/linux/usb/usb338x.h                              drivers/usb/gadget/udc
include/linux/usb/usb_phy_generic.h                      drivers/usb/phy
include/linux/usb/wusb-wa.h                              drivers/usb/wusbcore
include/linux/usb/wusb.h                                 drivers/usb/wusbcore
include/linux/usb/xhci_pdriver.h                         drivers/usb/dwc3
include/linux/uwb/*                                      drivers/uwb 
include/linux/uwb/spec.h                                 drivers/uwb/i1480/dfu
include/linux/uwb/umc.h                                  drivers/uwb
include/linux/wimax/debug.h                              drivers/net/wimax
include/math-emu/*                                       arch/math-emu
include/media/*                                          drivers/media 
include/media/lirc_dev.h                                 drivers/staging/media/lirc
include/media/soc_camera.h                               drivers/media/platform/soc_camera 
include/media/tuner-types.h                              drivers/media/tuners 
include/media/tveeprom.h                                 drivers/media/common 
include/media/v4l2-async.h                               drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/v4l2-clk.h                                 drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/v4l2-common.h                              drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/v4l2-ctrls.h                               drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/v4l2-device.h                              drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/v4l2-dv-timings.h                          drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/v4l2-event.h                               drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/v4l2-fh.h                                  drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/v4l2-flash-led-class.h                     drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/v4l2-ioctl.h                               drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/v4l2-mc.h                                  drivers/media/v4l2-core
include/media/v4l2-mem2mem.h                             drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/v4l2-of.h                                  drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/v4l2-tpg-colors.h                          drivers/media/common/v4l2-tpg 
include/media/videobuf-core.h                            drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/videobuf-dma-contig.h                      drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/videobuf-dma-sg.h                          drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/videobuf-dvb.h                             drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/videobuf-vmalloc.h                         drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/videobuf2-core.h                           drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/videobuf2-dma-contig.h                     drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/videobuf2-dma-sg.h                         drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/videobuf2-dvb.h                            drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/videobuf2-memops.h                         drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/videobuf2-v4l2.h                           drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/videobuf2-vmalloc.h                        drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/media/i2c-addr.h                                 drivers/media/i2c
include/media/lirc.h                                     drivers/staging/media/lirc
include/media/rc-core.h                                  drivers/media/rc
include/media/rc-map.h                                   drivers/media/rc/keymaps
include/media/tuner.h                                    drivers/media
include/media/v4l2-dev.h                                 drivers/media/v4l2-core
include/media/v4l2-image-sizes.h                         drivers/media/v4l2-core
include/media/v4l2-mediabus.h                            drivers/media/platform
include/media/v4l2-rect.h                                drivers/media/platform/vivid
include/media/v4l2-subdev.h                              drivers/media/v4l2-core
include/media/v4l2-tpg.h                                 drivers/media/common/v4l2-tpg
include/media/vsp1.h                                     drivers/media/platform/vsp1
include/media/blackfin/*                                 drivers/media/platform/blackfin 
include/media/davinci/*                                  drivers/media/platform/davinci 
include/media/drv-intf/cx2341x.h                         drivers/media/common 
include/media/drv-intf/sh_mobile_csi2.h                  drivers/media/platform/soc_camera 
include/media/drv-intf/sh_vou.h                          drivers/media/platform 
include/media/drv-intf/soc_mediabus.h                    drivers/media/platform/soc_camera 
include/media/drv-intf/tea575x.h                         drivers/media/radio 
include/media/drv-intf/cx25840.h                         drivers/media/i2c/cx25840
include/media/drv-intf/exynos-fimc.h                     drivers/media/platform/exynos4-is
include/media/drv-intf/msp3400.h                         drivers/media
include/media/drv-intf/s3c_camif.h                       drivers/media/platform/s3c-camif
include/media/drv-intf/saa7146.h                         drivers/media/common/saa7146
include/media/drv-intf/saa7146_vv.h                      drivers/media/common/saa7146
include/media/drv-intf/sh_mobile_ceu.h                   drivers/media/platform/soc_camera
include/media/drv-intf/si476x.h                          drivers/media/radio
include/media/i2c/*                                      drivers/media/i2c 
include/media/i2c/mt9t112.h                              drivers/media/i2c/soc_camera 
include/media/i2c/mt9v022.h                              drivers/media/i2c/soc_camera 
include/media/i2c/ov772x.h                               drivers/media/i2c/soc_camera 
include/media/i2c/rj54n1cb0c.h                           drivers/media/i2c/soc_camera 
include/media/i2c/tw9910.h                               drivers/media/i2c/soc_camera 
include/media/i2c/cs5345.h                               drivers/media/pci/cx18
include/media/i2c/cs53l32a.h                             drivers/media/pci/ivtv
include/media/i2c/m5mols.h                               drivers/media/i2c/m5mols
include/media/i2c/s5c73m3.h                              drivers/media/i2c/s5c73m3
include/media/i2c/smiapp.h                               drivers/media/i2c/smiapp
include/memory/jedec_ddr.h                               drivers/memory
include/misc/altera.h                                    drivers/misc/altera-stapl 
include/misc/cxl-base.h                                  drivers/misc/cxl
include/misc/cxl.h                                       drivers/misc/cxl
include/net/6lowpan.h                                    net/bluetooth 
include/net/Space.h                                      drivers/net 
include/net/act_api.h                                    net/sched 
include/net/addrconf.h                                   net/ipv6 
include/net/af_rxrpc.h                                   net/rxrpc 
include/net/af_unix.h                                    net/unix 
include/net/af_vsock.h                                   net/vmw_vsock 
include/net/arp.h                                        net/ipv4 
include/net/ax88796.h                                    drivers/net/ethernet/8390 
include/net/bond_3ad.h                                   drivers/net/bonding 
include/net/bond_alb.h                                   drivers/net/bonding 
include/net/cfg80211.h                                   drivers/net/wireless/broadcom/brcm80211/brcmfmac 
include/net/checksum.h                                   lib
include/net/cipso_ipv4.h                                 net/ipv4 
include/net/cls_cgroup.h                                 net/sched 
include/net/compat.h                                     net 
include/net/dcbevent.h                                   net/dcb 
include/net/devlink.h                                    net/core 
include/net/dn_dev.h                                     net/decnet 
include/net/dn_fib.h                                     net/decnet 
include/net/dn_neigh.h                                   net/decnet 
include/net/dn_route.h                                   net/decnet 
include/net/dsa.h                                        net/dsa 
include/net/dst.h                                        net/core 
include/net/dst_cache.h                                  net/core 
include/net/ethoc.h                                      drivers/net/ethernet 
include/net/fib_rules.h                                  net/core
include/net/flow.h                                       net/core 
include/net/flow_dissector.h                             net/core 
include/net/garp.h                                       net/802 
include/net/gen_stats.h                                  net/core 
include/net/genetlink.h                                  net/netlink 
include/net/geneve.h                                     drivers/net 
include/net/gtp.h                                        drivers/net 
include/net/hwbm.h                                       net/core 
include/net/icmp.h                                       net/core
include/net/inet6_connection_sock.h                      net/ipv6 
include/net/inet6_hashtables.h                           net/ipv6 
include/net/inet_connection_sock.h                       net/ipv4 
include/net/inet_hashtables.h                            net/ipv4 
include/net/inet_timewait_sock.h                         net/ipv4 
include/net/inetpeer.h                                   net/ipv4 
include/net/ip6_fib.h                                    net/ipv6 
include/net/ip6_tunnel.h                                 net/ipv6 
include/net/ipcomp.h                                     net/ipv4 
include/net/ipconfig.h                                   net/ipv4 
include/net/ipv6.h                                       net/ipv6
include/net/l3mdev.h                                     net/l3mdev 
include/net/lib80211.h                                   net/wireless 
include/net/llc_c_ac.h                                   net/llc 
include/net/llc_c_ev.h                                   net/llc 
include/net/llc_c_st.h                                   net/llc 
include/net/llc_conn.h                                   net/llc 
include/net/llc_if.h                                     net/llc 
include/net/llc_pdu.h                                    net/llc 
include/net/llc_s_ac.h                                   net/llc 
include/net/llc_s_ev.h                                   net/llc 
include/net/llc_s_st.h                                   net/llc 
include/net/llc_sap.h                                    net/llc 
include/net/lwtunnel.h                                   net/core 
include/net/mac80211.h                                   drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi
include/net/mip6.h                                       net/ipv6 
include/net/mpls_iptunnel.h                              net/mpls 
include/net/mrp.h                                        net/802 
include/net/ndisc.h                                      net/ipv6 
include/net/neighbour.h                                  net/core 
include/net/net_namespace.h                              net/core 
include/net/netevent.h                                   net/core 
include/net/netlabel.h                                   security/selinux 
include/net/netlink.h                                    drivers/infiniband/core
include/net/netprio_cgroup.h                             net/core 
include/net/nl802154.h                                   net/ieee802154 
include/net/p8022.h                                      net/802 
include/net/ping.h                                       net/core
include/net/protocol.h                                   net/core
include/net/psnap.h                                      net/802 
include/net/raw.h                                        net/core
include/net/request_sock.h                               net/core 
include/net/route.h                                      net/ipv4 
include/net/rtnetlink.h                                  net/core 
include/net/sch_generic.h                                net/sched 
include/net/scm.h                                        net/core 
include/net/secure_seq.h                                 net/core 
include/net/sock.h                                       net/core
include/net/sock_reuseport.h                             net/core 
include/net/stp.h                                        net/802 
include/net/switchdev.h                                  net/switchdev 
include/net/tcp.h                                        net/core
include/net/tso.h                                        net/core 
include/net/udp_tunnel.h                                 net/core
include/net/vsock_addr.h                                 net/vmw_vsock 
include/net/vxlan.h                                      drivers/net 
include/net/xfrm.h                                       security/selinux 
include/net/af_ieee802154.h                              net/ieee802154
include/net/ah.h                                         net/xfrm
include/net/atmclip.h                                    net/atm
include/net/ax25.h                                       net/ax25
include/net/bond_options.h                               net
include/net/bonding.h                                    drivers/net/bonding
include/net/busy_poll.h                                  net/core
include/net/cfg80211-wext.h                              drivers/net/wireless/intersil/orinoco
include/net/cfg802154.h                                  drivers/net/ieee802154
include/net/codel.h                                      net/sched
include/net/codel_impl.h                                 net/sched
include/net/codel_qdisc.h                                net/sched
include/net/datalink.h                                   net/ipx
include/net/dcbnl.h                                      drivers/net/ethernet
include/net/dn.h                                         net/decnet
include/net/dn_nsp.h                                     net/decnet
include/net/dsfield.h                                    net
include/net/dst_metadata.h                               drivers/net
include/net/dst_ops.h                                    drivers/net
include/net/esp.h                                        drivers/net
include/net/firewire.h                                   drivers/firewire
include/net/flowcache.h                                  net/netfilter
include/net/fou.h                                        net/ipv6
include/net/fq.h                                         net
include/net/fq_impl.h                                    net 
include/net/gre.h                                        net
include/net/gro_cells.h                                  drivers/net
include/net/gue.h                                        net/ipv4
include/net/ieee80211_radiotap.h                         drivers/net/wireless
include/net/ieee802154_netdev.h                          net/ieee802154
include/net/if_inet6.h                                   net/netfilter
include/net/ila.h                                        net/ipv6/ila
include/net/inet_common.h                                net
include/net/inet_ecn.h                                   net
include/net/inet_frag.h                                  net
include/net/inet_sock.h                                  net
include/net/ip.h                                         net/core
include/net/ip6_checksum.h                               net/core
include/net/ip6_route.h                                  net/ipv6
include/net/ip_fib.h                                     net
include/net/ip_tunnels.h                                 net
include/net/ip_vs.h                                      net/netfilter/ipvs
include/net/ipx.h                                        net/ipx
include/net/iw_handler.h                                 net/core
include/net/kcm.h                                        net/kcm
include/net/lapb.h                                       net/lapb
include/net/llc.h                                        net/llc
include/net/mac802154.h                                  net/mac802154
include/net/mld.h                                        net/bridge
include/net/mpls.h                                       net/core
include/net/net_ratelimit.h                              net/core
include/net/netrom.h                                     net/netrom
include/net/nexthop.h                                    net
include/net/pkt_cls.h                                    net/core
include/net/pkt_sched.h                                  net/core
include/net/rawv6.h                                      net/ipv6
include/net/red.h                                        net/sched
include/net/regulatory.h                                 drivers/net/wireless/broadcom/brcm80211/brcmsmac
include/net/rose.h                                       net/rose
include/net/slhc_vj.h                                    net
include/net/snmp.h                                       net
include/net/tcp_states.h                                 net/core
include/net/timewait_sock.h                              net
include/net/transp_v6.h                                  net
include/net/udp.h                                        net/core
include/net/udplite.h                                    net/core
include/net/wext.h                                       net/core
include/net/wimax.h                                      net/wimax
include/net/x25.h                                        net/x25
include/net/x25device.h                                  net/x25
include/net/9p/*                                         net/9p 
include/net/bluetooth/*                                  net/bluetooth 
include/net/bluetooth/rfcomm.h                           net/bluetooth/rfcomm
include/net/caif/*                                       net/caif 
include/net/caif/caif_hsi.h                              drivers/net/caif 
include/net/caif/caif_spi.h                              drivers/net/caif 
include/net/irda/*                                       net/irda 
include/net/irda/ircomm_core.h                           net/irda/ircomm 
include/net/irda/ircomm_event.h                          net/irda/ircomm 
include/net/irda/ircomm_lmp.h                            net/irda/ircomm 
include/net/irda/ircomm_param.h                          net/irda/ircomm 
include/net/irda/ircomm_ttp.h                            net/irda/ircomm 
include/net/irda/ircomm_tty.h                            net/irda/ircomm 
include/net/irda/ircomm_tty_attach.h                     net/irda/ircomm 
include/net/irda/irlan_client.h                          net/irda/irlan 
include/net/irda/irlan_common.h                          net/irda/irlan 
include/net/irda/irlan_eth.h                             net/irda/irlan 
include/net/irda/irlan_event.h                           net/irda/irlan 
include/net/irda/irlan_filter.h                          net/irda/irlan 
include/net/irda/irlan_provider.h                        net/irda/irlan 
include/net/iucv/*                                       net/iucv 
include/net/netfilter/*                                  net/netfilter 
include/net/netfilter/nf_tables_bridge.h                 net/bridge/netfilter 
include/net/netfilter/nf_tables_ipv4.h                   net/ipv4/netfilter 
include/net/netfilter/nf_tables_ipv6.h                   net/ipv6/netfilter 
include/net/netfilter/ipv4/*                             net/ipv4/netfilter 
include/net/netfilter/ipv6/*                             net/ipv6/netfilter 
include/net/netns/*                                      net/netfilter
include/net/nfc/*                                        net/nfc 
include/net/nfc/llc.h                                    net/nfc/hci 
include/net/nfc/hci.h                                    net/nfc/hci
include/net/nfc/nci.h                                    net/nfc/nci
include/net/nfc/nci_core.h                               net/nfc/nci
include/net/phonet/*                                     net/phonet 
include/net/sctp/*                                       net/sctp 
include/net/tc_act/*                                     net/sched
include/pcmcia/*                                         drivers/pcmcia 
include/ras/*                                            drivers/ras
include/rdma/*                                           drivers/infiniband/core 
include/rxrpc/*                                          net/rxrpc
include/scsi/*                                           drivers/scsi
include/scsi/fc_frame.h                                  drivers/scsi/libfc 
include/scsi/fcoe_sysfs.h                                drivers/scsi/fcoe 
include/scsi/osd_initiator.h                             drivers/scsi/osd 
include/scsi/sas_ata.h                                   drivers/scsi/libsas 
include/scsi/iser.h                                      drivers/infiniband/ulp/iser
include/scsi/libfc.h                                     drivers/scsi/libfc
include/scsi/libfcoe.h                                   drivers/scsi/fcoe
include/scsi/osd_attributes.h                            drivers/scsi/osd
include/scsi/osd_ore.h                                   drivers/scsi/osd
include/scsi/osd_protocol.h                              drivers/scsi/osd
include/scsi/osd_sec.h                                   drivers/scsi/osd
include/scsi/osd_sense.h                                 drivers/scsi/osd
include/scsi/osd_types.h                                 drivers/scsi/osd
include/scsi/sas.h                                       drivers/scsi/libsas
include/scsi/scsi_bsg_iscsi.h                            drivers/scsi/be2iscsi
include/scsi/scsi_proto.h                                drivers/scsi/device_handler
include/scsi/fc/fc_encaps.h                              drivers/scsi/fcoe
include/scsi/fc/fc_fc2.h                                 drivers/scsi/libfc
include/scsi/fc/fc_fcoe.h                                drivers/scsi/fcoe
include/scsi/fc/fc_fcp.h                                 drivers/scsi/fcoe
include/scsi/fc/fc_fip.h                                 drivers/scsi/fcoe
include/scsi/fc/fc_ms.h                                  drivers/scsi/csiostor
include/soc/at91/*                                       drivers/power/reset 
include/soc/bcm2835/*                                    drivers/soc/bcm
include/soc/brcmstb/*                                    drivers/soc/brcmstb 
include/soc/fsl/qe/*                                     drivers/soc/fsl/qe 
include/soc/imx/*                                        drivers/clk/imx
include/soc/mediatek/*                                   drivers/gpu/drm/mediatek
include/soc/nps/*                                        drivers/irqchip
include/soc/sa1100/*                                     drivers/irqchip
include/soc/tegra/*                                      drivers/soc/tegra 
include/soc/tegra/ahb.h                                  drivers/amba
include/soc/tegra/cpuidle.h                              drivers/pci/host
include/soc/tegra/emc.h                                  drivers/memory/tegra
include/soc/tegra/fuse.h                                 drivers/soc/tegra/fuse
include/soc/tegra/mc.h                                   drivers/memory/tegra
include/sound/ac97_codec.h                               sound/pci/ac97 
include/sound/ad1816a.h                                  sound/isa/ad1816a 
include/sound/ad1843.h                                   sound/mips 
include/sound/adau1373.h                                 sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/ak4113.h                                   sound/i2c/other 
include/sound/ak4114.h                                   sound/i2c/other 
include/sound/ak4117.h                                   sound/i2c/other 
include/sound/ak4531_codec.h                             sound/pci 
include/sound/ak4641.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/ak4xxx-adda.h                              sound/i2c/other 
include/sound/alc5623.h                                  sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/control.h                                  sound/core
include/sound/core.h                                     sound/aoa/soundbus/i2sbus 
include/sound/cs4271.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/cs42l52.h                                  sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/cs42l56.h                                  sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/cs42l73.h                                  sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/cs8427.h                                   sound/i2c 
include/sound/da7213.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/da7218.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/da7219.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/da9055.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/designware_i2s.h                           sound/soc/dwc 
include/sound/emu10k1.h                                  sound/pci/emu10k1 
include/sound/emu8000.h                                  sound/isa/sb 
include/sound/es1688.h                                   sound/isa/es1688 
include/sound/hda_hwdep.h                                sound/pci/hda 
include/sound/hdmi-codec.h                               sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/hwdep.h                                    sound/core 
include/sound/i2c.h                                      sound/i2c 
include/sound/info.h                                     sound/core 
include/sound/jack.h                                     sound/core 
include/sound/l3.h                                       sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/max9768.h                                  sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/max98088.h                                 sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/max98090.h                                 sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/max98095.h                                 sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/memalloc.h                                 sound/core 
include/sound/mixer_oss.h                                sound/core/oss 
include/sound/mpu401.h                                   sound/drivers/mpu401 
include/sound/omap-hdmi-audio.h                          sound/soc/omap 
include/sound/omap-pcm.h                                 sound/soc/omap 
include/sound/pcm.h                                      sound/core
include/sound/pcm_drm_eld.h                              sound/core 
include/sound/pcm_iec958.h                               sound/core 
include/sound/pt2258.h                                   sound/i2c/other 
include/sound/rawmidi.h                                  sound/core 
include/sound/rt286.h                                    sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/rt298.h                                    sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/rt5659.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/rt5670.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/s3c24xx_uda134x.h                          sound/soc/samsung 
include/sound/sb16_csp.h                                 sound/isa/sb 
include/sound/seq_device.h                               sound/core/seq 
include/sound/seq_midi_emul.h                            sound/core/seq 
include/sound/seq_midi_event.h                           sound/core/seq 
include/sound/seq_virmidi.h                              sound/core/seq 
include/sound/sh_dac_audio.h                             sound/sh 
include/sound/soc-topology.h                             sound/soc 
include/sound/soundfont.h                                sound/synth/emux 
include/sound/sta32x.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/sta350.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/tas5086.h                                  sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/tea6330t.h                                 sound/i2c 
include/sound/timer.h                                    sound/core 
include/sound/tlv320aic32x4.h                            sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/tlv320aic3x.h                              sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/uda134x.h                                  sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/uda1380.h                                  sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/util_mem.h                                 sound/synth 
include/sound/vx_core.h                                  sound/drivers/vx 
include/sound/wm0010.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/wm1250-ev1.h                               sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/wm2000.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/wm2200.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/wm5100.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/wm8903.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/wm8904.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/wm8955.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/wm8960.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/wm8962.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/wm8993.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/wm8996.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/wm9081.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/wm9090.h                                   sound/soc/codecs 
include/sound/aci.h                                      sound/isa/opti9xx
include/sound/aess.h                                     arch/arm/mach-omap2
include/sound/asequencer.h                               sound/usb
include/sound/asound.h                                   sound/core
include/sound/asoundef.h                                 sound/core
include/sound/atmel-abdac.h                              sound/atmel
include/sound/atmel-ac97c.h                              sound/atmel
include/sound/compress_driver.h                          sound/core
include/sound/cs4231-regs.h                              sound/sparc
include/sound/cs8403.h                                   sound/pci/ice1712
include/sound/da7219-aad.h                               sound/soc/codecs
include/sound/dmaengine_pcm.h                            sound/core
include/sound/emu10k1_synth.h                            sound/pci/emu10k1
include/sound/emu8000_reg.h                              sound/isa/sb
include/sound/emux_legacy.h                              sound/synth/emux
include/sound/emux_synth.h                               sound/synth/emux
include/sound/gus.h                                      sound/isa/gus
include/sound/hda_chmap.h                                sound/hda
include/sound/hda_i915.h                                 sound/hda
include/sound/hda_register.h                             sound/hda
include/sound/hda_regmap.h                               sound/hda
include/sound/hda_verbs.h                                sound/hda
include/sound/hdaudio.h                                  sound/hda
include/sound/hdaudio_ext.h                              sound/hda/ext
include/sound/initval.h                                  sound/core
include/sound/minors.h                                   sound/core
include/sound/opl3.h                                     sound/drivers/opl3
include/sound/opl4.h                                     sound/drivers/opl4
include/sound/pcm-indirect.h                             sound/core
include/sound/pcm_oss.h                                  sound/core
include/sound/pcm_params.h                               sound/core
include/sound/pxa2xx-lib.h                               sound/soc/pxa
include/sound/rt5640.h                                   sound/soc/codecs
include/sound/rt5645.h                                   sound/soc/codecs
include/sound/rt5651.h                                   sound/soc/codecs
include/sound/rt5677.h                                   sound/soc/codecs
include/sound/sb.h                                       sound/isa/sb
include/sound/seq_kernel.h                               sound/core/seq
include/sound/seq_oss.h                                  sound/core/seq/oss
include/sound/seq_oss_legacy.h                           sound/core/seq/oss
include/sound/sh_fsi.h                                   sound/soc/sh
include/sound/simple_card.h                              sound/soc/generic
include/sound/snd_wavefront.h                            sound/isa/wavefront
include/sound/soc-dai.h                                  sound/soc/generic
include/sound/soc-dapm.h                                 sound/soc
include/sound/soc-dpcm.h                                 sound/soc
include/sound/soc.h                                      sound/soc
include/sound/spear_dma.h                                sound/soc/spear
include/sound/spear_spdif.h                              sound/soc/spear
include/sound/tas2552-plat.h                             sound/soc/codecs
include/sound/tlv.h                                      sound/soc/codecs
include/sound/tlv320dac33-plat.h                         sound/soc/codecs
include/sound/tpa6130a2-plat.h                           sound/soc/codecs
include/sound/wavefront.h                                sound/core
include/sound/wss.h                                      sound/isa/wss
include/target/*                                         drivers/target
include/target/target_core_backend.h                     drivers/target/sbp
include/target/iscsi/*                                   drivers/target/iscsi
include/trace/*                                          kernel/trace
include/trace/events/*                                   kernel/trace/events
include/trace/events/clk.h                               drivers/clk 
include/trace/events/cma.h                               mm 
include/trace/events/compaction.h                        mm 
include/trace/events/context_tracking.h                  kernel 
include/trace/events/fence.h                             drivers/dma-buf 
include/trace/events/filemap.h                           mm 
include/trace/events/huge_memory.h                       mm 
include/trace/events/iommu.h                             drivers/iommu 
include/trace/events/mce.h                               arch/x86/kernel/cpu/mcheck 
include/trace/events/migrate.h                           mm 
include/trace/events/module.h                            kernel 
include/trace/events/nmi.h                               arch/x86/kernel 
include/trace/events/page_isolation.h                    mm 
include/trace/events/printk.h                            kernel/printk 
include/trace/events/random.h                            drivers/char/hw_random
include/trace/events/scsi.h                              drivers/scsi 
include/trace/events/signal.h                            kernel 
include/trace/events/sock.h                              net/core 
include/trace/events/spi.h                               drivers/spi 
include/trace/events/spmi.h                              drivers/spmi 
include/trace/events/swiotlb.h                           lib 
include/trace/events/timer.h                             kernel/time 
include/trace/events/udp.h                               net/core
include/trace/events/vmscan.h                            mm 
include/trace/events/workqueue.h                         kernel 
include/trace/events/9p.h                                net/9p
include/trace/events/asoc.h                              sound/soc/codecs
include/trace/events/bcache.h                            drivers/md/bcache
include/trace/events/block.h                             block
include/trace/events/btrfs.h                             fs/btrfs
include/trace/events/cpuhp.h                             kernel
include/trace/events/ext4.h                              fs/ext4
include/trace/events/f2fs.h                              fs/f2fs
include/trace/events/fib.h                               net/core
include/trace/events/fib6.h                              net/core
include/trace/events/filelock.h                          fs
include/trace/events/gpio.h                              drivers/gpio
include/trace/events/host1x.h                            drivers/gpu/host1x/hw
include/trace/events/hswadsp.h                           sound/soc/intel/haswell
include/trace/events/i2c.h                               drivers/i2c
include/trace/events/intel-sst.h                         sound/soc/intel/common
include/trace/events/irq.h                               kernel/irq
include/trace/events/jbd2.h                              fs/jbd2
include/trace/events/kmem.h                              mm
include/trace/events/kvm.h                               virt/kvm
include/trace/events/libata.h                            drivers/ata
include/trace/events/lock.h                              kernel/locking
include/trace/events/mmc.h                               drivers/mmc/core
include/trace/events/mmflags.h                           mm
include/trace/events/napi.h                              net/core
include/trace/events/net.h                               net/core
include/trace/events/nilfs2.h                            fs/nilfs2
include/trace/events/oom.h                               mm
include/trace/events/page_ref.h                          mm
include/trace/events/pagemap.h                           mm
include/trace/events/power.h                             kernel/power
include/trace/events/power_cpu_migrate.h                 arch/arm/common
include/trace/events/rcu.h                               kernel/rcu
include/trace/events/regulator.h                         drivers/regulator
include/trace/events/skb.h                               net/core
include/trace/events/sunrpc.h                            net/sunrpc
include/trace/events/sunvnet.h                           drivers/net/ethernet/sun
include/trace/events/target.h                            drivers/target
include/trace/events/thermal.h                           drivers/thermal
include/trace/events/thermal_power_allocator.h           drivers/thermal
include/trace/events/thp.h                               arch/powerpc/mm
include/trace/events/tlb.h                               mm
include/trace/events/v4l2.h                              drivers/media/v4l2-core
include/trace/events/vb2.h                               drivers/media/v4l2-core
include/trace/events/writeback.h                         mm
include/uapi/asm-generic/errno-base.h                    kernel
include/uapi/asm-generic/errno.h                         kernel
include/uapi/asm-generic/fcntl.h                         arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/int-l64.h                       arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/int-ll64.h                      arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/ioctl.h                         arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/ioctls.h                        arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/ipcbuf.h                        arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/kvm_para.h                      virt/kvm
include/uapi/asm-generic/mman-common.h                   arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/mman.h                          arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/msgbuf.h                        arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/param.h                         arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/poll.h                          arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/posix_types.h                   arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/resource.h                      arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/sembuf.h                        kernel/locking
include/uapi/asm-generic/setup.h                         arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/shmbuf.h                        arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/shmparam.h                      arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/siginfo.h                       arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/signal-defs.h                   kernel
include/uapi/asm-generic/signal.h                        kernel
include/uapi/asm-generic/socket.h                        arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/sockios.h                       net/sctp
include/uapi/asm-generic/stat.h                          arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/statfs.h                        arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/swab.h                          arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/termbits.h                      arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/termios.h                       net
include/uapi/asm-generic/types.h                         arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/ucontext.h                      arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/uapi/asm-generic/unistd.h                        arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/uapi/drm/*                                       drivers/gpu/drm
include/uapi/drm/amdgpu_drm.h                            drivers/gpu/drm/amd/amdgpu
include/uapi/drm/armada_drm.h                            drivers/gpu/drm/armada
include/uapi/drm/etnaviv_drm.h                           drivers/gpu/drm/etnaviv
include/uapi/drm/exynos_drm.h                            drivers/gpu/drm/exynos
include/uapi/drm/i810_drm.h                              drivers/gpu/drm/i810
include/uapi/drm/i915_drm.h                              drivers/gpu/drm/i915
include/uapi/drm/mga_drm.h                               drivers/gpu/drm/mga
include/uapi/drm/msm_drm.h                               drivers/gpu/drm/msm
include/uapi/drm/nouveau_drm.h                           drivers/gpu/drm/nouveau
include/uapi/drm/omap_drm.h                              drivers/gpu/drm/omapdrm
include/uapi/drm/qxl_drm.h                               drivers/gpu/drm/qxl
include/uapi/drm/r128_drm.h                              drivers/gpu/drm/r128
include/uapi/drm/radeon_drm.h                            drivers/gpu/drm/radeon
include/uapi/drm/savage_drm.h                            drivers/gpu/drm/savage
include/uapi/drm/sis_drm.h                               drivers/gpu/drm/sis
include/uapi/drm/tegra_drm.h                             drivers/gpu/drm/tegra
include/uapi/drm/vc4_drm.h                               drivers/gpu/drm/vc4
include/uapi/drm/via_drm.h                               drivers/gpu/drm/via
include/uapi/drm/virtgpu_drm.h                           drivers/gpu/drm/virtio
include/uapi/drm/vmwgfx_drm.h                            drivers/gpu/drm/vmwgfx/device_include
include/uapi/linux/arcfb.h                               drivers/video/fbdev 
include/uapi/linux/bpqether.h                            drivers/net/hamradio 
include/uapi/linux/capi.h                                drivers/isdn/capi 
include/uapi/linux/dcbnl.h                               net/dcb 
include/uapi/linux/dm-ioctl.h                            drivers/md 
include/uapi/linux/dma-buf.h                             drivers/dma-buf 
include/uapi/linux/fadvise.h                             mm 
include/uapi/linux/fou.h                                 net/ipv4 
include/uapi/linux/gen_stats.h                           net/core 
include/uapi/linux/gtp.h                                 drivers/net 
include/uapi/linux/ioctl.h                               fs/ncpfs 
include/uapi/linux/ivtvfb.h                              drivers/media/pci/ivtv 
include/uapi/linux/kcmp.h                                kernel 
include/uapi/linux/keyctl.h                              security/keys 
include/uapi/linux/lwtunnel.h                            net/core 
include/uapi/linux/membarrier.h                          kernel 
include/uapi/linux/meye.h                                drivers/media/pci/meye 
include/uapi/linux/mmtimer.h                             drivers/char 
include/uapi/linux/module.h                              kernel 
include/uapi/linux/mqueue.h                              ipc 
include/uapi/linux/nbd.h                                 drivers/block 
include/uapi/linux/net_namespace.h                       net/core 
include/uapi/linux/nl80211.h                             net/wireless 
include/uapi/linux/pg.h                                  drivers/block/paride 
include/uapi/linux/phantom.h                             drivers/misc 
include/uapi/linux/ppdev.h                               drivers/char 
include/uapi/linux/psci.h                                drivers/firmware
include/uapi/linux/qrtr.h                                net/qrtr 
include/uapi/linux/raw.h                                 drivers/char 
include/uapi/linux/rio_mport_cdev.h                      drivers/rapidio/devices 
include/uapi/linux/route.h                               net/ipv6 
include/uapi/linux/sync_file.h                           drivers/dma-buf 
include/uapi/linux/target_core_user.h                    drivers/target 
include/uapi/linux/tcp_metrics.h                         net/ipv4 
include/uapi/linux/uhid.h                                drivers/hid 
include/uapi/linux/userfaultfd.h                         tools/testing/selftests/vm 
include/uapi/linux/userio.h                              drivers/input/serio 
include/uapi/linux/v4l2-dv-timings.h                     drivers/media/v4l2-core 
include/uapi/linux/veth.h                                drivers/net 
include/uapi/linux/vhost.h                               drivers/vhost 
include/uapi/linux/virtio_balloon.h                      drivers/virtio 
include/uapi/linux/virtio_blk.h                          drivers/virtio
include/uapi/linux/virtio_input.h                        drivers/virtio 
include/uapi/linux/virtio_net.h                          drivers/virtio
include/uapi/linux/virtio_scsi.h                         drivers/virtio
include/uapi/linux/xfrm.h                                security/selinux 
include/uapi/linux/a.out.h                               fs
include/uapi/linux/acct.h                                kernel
include/uapi/linux/adb.h                                 drivers/macintosh
include/uapi/linux/adfs_fs.h                             fs/adfs
include/uapi/linux/affs_hardblocks.h                     block/partitions
include/uapi/linux/agpgart.h                             drivers/char/agp
include/uapi/linux/aio_abi.h                             fs
include/uapi/linux/am437x-vpfe.h                         drivers/media/platform/am437x
include/uapi/linux/apm_bios.h                            drivers/char
include/uapi/linux/atalk.h                               drivers/net/appletalk
include/uapi/linux/atm.h                                 drivers/atm
include/uapi/linux/atm_eni.h                             drivers/atm
include/uapi/linux/atm_he.h                              drivers/atm
include/uapi/linux/atm_idt77105.h                        drivers/atm
include/uapi/linux/atm_nicstar.h                         drivers/atm
include/uapi/linux/atm_tcp.h                             drivers/atm
include/uapi/linux/atm_zatm.h                            drivers/atm
include/uapi/linux/atmapi.h                              drivers/atm
include/uapi/linux/atmarp.h                              net/atm
include/uapi/linux/atmbr2684.h                           net/atm
include/uapi/linux/atmclip.h                             net/atm
include/uapi/linux/atmdev.h                              drivers/atm
include/uapi/linux/atmioc.h                              drivers/atm
include/uapi/linux/atmlec.h                              net/atm
include/uapi/linux/atmmpc.h                              net/atm
include/uapi/linux/atmppp.h                              net/atm
include/uapi/linux/atmsap.h                              net/atm
include/uapi/linux/atmsvc.h                              net/atm
include/uapi/linux/audit.h                               arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/uapi/linux/auto_fs.h                             fs
include/uapi/linux/auto_fs4.h                            fs/autofs4
include/uapi/linux/auxvec.h                              tools/testing/selftests/powerpc
include/uapi/linux/ax25.h                                net/ax25
include/uapi/linux/b1lli.h                               drivers/isdn
include/uapi/linux/baycom.h                              drivers/net/hamradio
include/uapi/linux/bcache.h                              drivers/md/bcache
include/uapi/linux/bcm933xx_hcs.h                        arch/mips/bcm63xx/boards
include/uapi/linux/bfs_fs.h                              fs/bfs
include/uapi/linux/binfmts.h                             fs
include/uapi/linux/blkpg.h                               block
include/uapi/linux/blktrace_api.h                        block
include/uapi/linux/bpf.h                                 tools/lib/bpf
include/uapi/linux/bpf_common.h                          tools/lib/bpf
include/uapi/linux/bsg.h                                 block
include/uapi/linux/btrfs.h                               fs/btrfs
include/uapi/linux/btrfs_tree.h                          fs/btrfs
include/uapi/linux/can.h                                 drivers/net/can
include/uapi/linux/capability.h                          kernel
include/uapi/linux/cciss_defs.h                          drivers/block
include/uapi/linux/cciss_ioctl.h                         drivers/block
include/uapi/linux/cdrom.h                               drivers/cdrom
include/uapi/linux/cgroupstats.h                         kernel
include/uapi/linux/chio.h                                drivers/scsi
include/uapi/linux/cm4000_cs.h                           drivers/char/pcmcia
include/uapi/linux/cn_proc.h                             drivers/connector
include/uapi/linux/coda.h                                fs/coda
include/uapi/linux/coda_psdev.h                          fs/coda
include/uapi/linux/coff.h                                arch/alpha/boot/tools
include/uapi/linux/connector.h                           drivers/connector
include/uapi/linux/const.h                               arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/asm
include/uapi/linux/coresight-stm.h                       drivers/hwtracing/coresight
include/uapi/linux/cramfs_fs.h                           fs/cramfs
include/uapi/linux/cryptouser.h                          crypto
include/uapi/linux/cuda.h                                drivers/video/fbdev
include/uapi/linux/cyclades.h                            drivers/tty
include/uapi/linux/cycx_cfm.h                            drivers/tty 
include/uapi/linux/dccp.h                                net/dccp
include/uapi/linux/devlink.h                             net/core
include/uapi/linux/dlm.h                                 fs/dlm
include/uapi/linux/dlm_device.h                          fs/dlm
include/uapi/linux/dlm_netlink.h                         fs/dlm
include/uapi/linux/dlm_plock.h                           fs/dlm
include/uapi/linux/dlmconstants.h                        fs/dlm
include/uapi/linux/dm-log-userspace.h                    drivers/md
include/uapi/linux/dn.h                                  net
include/uapi/linux/dqblk_xfs.h                           fs/gfs2
include/uapi/linux/edd.h                                 drivers/firmware
include/uapi/linux/efs_fs_sb.h                           fs/efs
include/uapi/linux/elf-em.h                              fs
include/uapi/linux/elf-fdpic.h                           fs
include/uapi/linux/elf.h                                 fs
include/uapi/linux/elfcore.h                             fs
include/uapi/linux/errno.h                               kernel
include/uapi/linux/errqueue.h                            net/core
include/uapi/linux/ethtool.h                             net/core
include/uapi/linux/eventpoll.h                           fs
include/uapi/linux/falloc.h                              fs
include/uapi/linux/fanotify.h                            fs/notify/fanotify
include/uapi/linux/fb.h                                  drivers/video/fbdev
include/uapi/linux/fcntl.h                               kernel
include/uapi/linux/fd.h                                  fs
include/uapi/linux/fdreg.h                               drivers/block
include/uapi/linux/fib_rules.h                           net/core
include/uapi/linux/fiemap.h                              fs
include/uapi/linux/filter.h                              net/core
include/uapi/linux/firewire-cdev.h                       drivers/firewire
include/uapi/linux/firewire-constants.h                  drivers/firewire
include/uapi/linux/flat.h                                arch/$(hdr-arch)/kernel
include/uapi/linux/fs.h                                  fs
include/uapi/linux/fsl_hypervisor.h                      drivers/virt
include/uapi/linux/fuse.h                                fs/fuse
include/uapi/linux/futex.h                               kernel
include/uapi/linux/gameport.h                            drivers/input/gameport
include/uapi/linux/genetlink.h                           net/netlink
include/uapi/linux/gfs2_ondisk.h                         fs/gfs2
include/uapi/linux/gigaset_dev.h                         drivers/isdn/gigaset
include/uapi/linux/gpio.h                                drivers/gpio
include/uapi/linux/gsmmux.h                              drivers/tty
include/uapi/linux/hash_info.h                           crypto
include/uapi/linux/hdlc.h                                drivers/net/wan
include/uapi/linux/hdlcdrv.h                             drivers/net/hamradio
include/uapi/linux/hdreg.h                               drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/hid.h                                 drivers/hid
include/uapi/linux/hiddev.h                              drivers/hid
include/uapi/linux/hidraw.h                              drivers/hid
include/uapi/linux/hpet.h                                drivers/char
include/uapi/linux/hsr_netlink.h                         net/hsr
include/uapi/linux/hw_breakpoint.h                       kernel/events
include/uapi/linux/hyperv.h                              drivers/hv
include/uapi/linux/hysdn_if.h                            drivers/isdn/hysdn
include/uapi/linux/i2c-dev.h                             drivers/i2c
include/uapi/linux/i2c.h                                 drivers/i2c
include/uapi/linux/i2o-dev.h                             drivers/scsi/dpt
include/uapi/linux/i8k.h                                 drivers/hwmon
include/uapi/linux/icmp.h                                net/core
include/uapi/linux/icmpv6.h                              net/core
include/uapi/linux/if.h                                  drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_addr.h                             drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_addrlabel.h                        drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_alg.h                              drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_arcnet.h                           drivers/net/arcnet
include/uapi/linux/if_arp.h                              drivers/net/wireless/marvell/mwifiex
include/uapi/linux/if_bonding.h                          drivers/net/bonding
include/uapi/linux/if_bridge.h                           drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_cablemodem.h                       drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_eql.h                              drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_ether.h                            drivers/infiniband/core
include/uapi/linux/if_fc.h                               drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_fddi.h                             drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_frad.h                             drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_hippi.h                            drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_infiniband.h                       drivers/infiniband/ulp/ipoib
include/uapi/linux/if_link.h                             drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_ltalk.h                            drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_macsec.h                           drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_packet.h                           drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_phonet.h                           drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_plip.h                             drivers/net/plip
include/uapi/linux/if_ppp.h                              drivers/net/ppp
include/uapi/linux/if_pppol2tp.h                         drivers/net/ppp
include/uapi/linux/if_pppox.h                            drivers/net/ppp
include/uapi/linux/if_slip.h                             drivers/net/slip
include/uapi/linux/if_team.h                             drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_tun.h                              drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_tunnel.h                           drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_vlan.h                             drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/if_x25.h                              drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/igmp.h                                net/ipv4
include/uapi/linux/ila.h                                 net/ipv6/ila
include/uapi/linux/in.h                                  net/bridge
include/uapi/linux/in6.h                                 net/bridge
include/uapi/linux/in_route.h                            net/bridge
include/uapi/linux/inet_diag.h                           net/ipv4
include/uapi/linux/inotify.h                             fs/notify/inotify
include/uapi/linux/input-event-codes.h                   drivers/input
include/uapi/linux/input.h                               drivers/input
include/uapi/linux/ip.h                                  net/core
include/uapi/linux/ip6_tunnel.h                          net/ipv6
include/uapi/linux/ip_vs.h                               net/netfilter
include/uapi/linux/ipc.h                                 ipc
include/uapi/linux/ipmi.h                                drivers/char/ipmi
include/uapi/linux/ipmi_msgdefs.h                        drivers/char/ipmi
include/uapi/linux/ipsec.h                               net/core
include/uapi/linux/ipv6.h                                net/ipv6
include/uapi/linux/ipv6_route.h                          net/ipv6
include/uapi/linux/ipx.h                                 net/ipx
include/uapi/linux/irda.h                                net/irda
include/uapi/linux/irqnr.h                               kernel/irq
include/uapi/linux/isdn.h                                drivers/isdn
include/uapi/linux/isdn_divertif.h                       drivers/isdn
include/uapi/linux/isdn_ppp.h                            drivers/isdn
include/uapi/linux/isdnif.h                              drivers/isdn
include/uapi/linux/iso_fs.h                              fs/isofs
include/uapi/linux/ivtv.h                                drivers/media/pci/ivtv
include/uapi/linux/ixjuser.h                             usr 
include/uapi/linux/jffs2.h                               fs/jffs2
include/uapi/linux/joystick.h                            drivers/input/joystick
include/uapi/linux/kcm.h                                 net/kcm
include/uapi/linux/kcov.h                                kernel
include/uapi/linux/kd.h                                  kernel
include/uapi/linux/kdev_t.h                              kernel
include/uapi/linux/kernel-page-flags.h                   tools/vm
include/uapi/linux/kernel.h                              kernel
include/uapi/linux/kernelcapi.h                          kernel
include/uapi/linux/kexec.h                               kernel
include/uapi/linux/keyboard.h                            drivers/input/keyboard
include/uapi/linux/kfd_ioctl.h                           drivers/gpu/drm/amd/amdkfd
include/uapi/linux/kvm.h                                 virt/kvm
include/uapi/linux/kvm_para.h                            virt/kvm
include/uapi/linux/l2tp.h                                net/l2tp
include/uapi/linux/libc-compat.h                         lib
include/uapi/linux/lightnvm.h                            drivers/lightnvm
include/uapi/linux/limits.h                              lib
include/uapi/linux/lirc.h                                drivers/staging/media/lirc
include/uapi/linux/llc.h                                 net/llc
include/uapi/linux/loop.h                                drivers/block
include/uapi/linux/lp.h                                  drivers/mtd/lpddr
include/uapi/linux/magic.h                               kernel
include/uapi/linux/major.h                               drivers
include/uapi/linux/map_to_7segment.h                     drivers/input/misc
include/uapi/linux/matroxfb.h                            drivers/video/fbdev/matrox
include/uapi/linux/mdio.h                                drivers/vfio
include/uapi/linux/media-bus-format.h                    drivers/media
include/uapi/linux/media.h                               drivers/media
include/uapi/linux/mei.h                                 drivers/misc/mei
include/uapi/linux/memfd.h                               tools/testing/selftests/memfd
include/uapi/linux/mempolicy.h                           mm
include/uapi/linux/mic_common.h                          drivers/misc/mic
include/uapi/linux/mic_ioctl.h                           drivers/misc/mic/vop
include/uapi/linux/mii.h                                 drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/minix_fs.h                            fs/minix
include/uapi/linux/mman.h                                mm
include/uapi/linux/mpls.h                                net/mpls
include/uapi/linux/mpls_iptunnel.h                       net/mpls
include/uapi/linux/mroute.h                              net/ipv4
include/uapi/linux/mroute6.h                             net/ipv6
include/uapi/linux/msdos_fs.h                            fs/fat
include/uapi/linux/msg.h                                 ipc
include/uapi/linux/mtio.h                                drivers
include/uapi/linux/n_r3964.h                             drivers/tty
include/uapi/linux/ncp.h                                 fs/ncpfs
include/uapi/linux/ncp_fs.h                              fs/ncpfs
include/uapi/linux/ncp_mount.h                           fs/ncpfs
include/uapi/linux/ncp_no.h                              fs/ncpfs
include/uapi/linux/ndctl.h                               drivers/nvdimm
include/uapi/linux/neighbour.h                           net/core
include/uapi/linux/net.h                                 net
include/uapi/linux/net_dropmon.h                         net/core
include/uapi/linux/net_tstamp.h                          net/core
include/uapi/linux/netconf.h                             net/core
include/uapi/linux/netdevice.h                           drivers/net
include/uapi/linux/netfilter.h                           net/netfilter
include/uapi/linux/netfilter_arp.h                       net/ipv4/netfilter
include/uapi/linux/netfilter_bridge.h                    net/bridge/netfilter
include/uapi/linux/netfilter_decnet.h                    net/decnet/netfilter
include/uapi/linux/netfilter_ipv4.h                      net/ipv4/netfilter
include/uapi/linux/netfilter_ipv6.h                      net/ipv6/netfilter
include/uapi/linux/netlink.h                             net/netlink
include/uapi/linux/netlink_diag.h                        net/netlink
include/uapi/linux/netrom.h                              net/netrom
include/uapi/linux/nfc.h                                 drivers/nfc
include/uapi/linux/nfs.h                                 fs/nfs
include/uapi/linux/nfs2.h                                fs/nfs
include/uapi/linux/nfs3.h                                fs/nfs
include/uapi/linux/nfs4.h                                fs/nfs
include/uapi/linux/nfs4_mount.h                          fs/nfs
include/uapi/linux/nfs_fs.h                              fs/nfs
include/uapi/linux/nfs_idmap.h                           fs/nfs
include/uapi/linux/nfs_mount.h                           fs/nfs
include/uapi/linux/nfsacl.h                              fs/nfs
include/uapi/linux/nubus.h                               drivers/nubus
include/uapi/linux/nvme_ioctl.h                          drivers/nvme/host
include/uapi/linux/nvram.h                               drivers/nvdimm
include/uapi/linux/omap3isp.h                            drivers/media/platform/omap3isp
include/uapi/linux/omapfb.h                              drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb
include/uapi/linux/oom.h                                 kernel
include/uapi/linux/openvswitch.h                         net/openvswitch
include/uapi/linux/packet_diag.h                         net/packet
include/uapi/linux/param.h                               arch/$(hdr-arch)/kernel
include/uapi/linux/parport.h                             drivers/parport
include/uapi/linux/patchkey.h                            kernel
include/uapi/linux/pci.h                                 drivers/pci
include/uapi/linux/pci_regs.h                            drivers/pci
include/uapi/linux/perf_event.h                          drivers/perf
include/uapi/linux/personality.h                         security
include/uapi/linux/pfkeyv2.h                             net/key
include/uapi/linux/phonet.h                              net/phonet
include/uapi/linux/pkt_cls.h                             net/core
include/uapi/linux/pkt_sched.h                           net/sched
include/uapi/linux/pktcdvd.h                             drivers/block
include/uapi/linux/pmu.h                                 drivers
include/uapi/linux/poll.h                                drivers
include/uapi/linux/posix_types.h                         arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/linux/ppp-comp.h                            drivers/net/ppp
include/uapi/linux/ppp-ioctl.h                           drivers/net/ppp
include/uapi/linux/ppp_defs.h                            drivers/net/ppp
include/uapi/linux/pps.h                                 drivers/pps
include/uapi/linux/pr.h                                  fs/nfsd
include/uapi/linux/prctl.h                               kernel
include/uapi/linux/ptp_clock.h                           drivers/ptp
include/uapi/linux/ptrace.h                              kernel
include/uapi/linux/qnx4_fs.h                             fs/qnx4
include/uapi/linux/qnxtypes.h                            fs/qnx4
include/uapi/linux/quota.h                               fs/quota
include/uapi/linux/radeonfb.h                            drivers/video/fbdev/aty
include/uapi/linux/random.h                              drivers/char/hw_random
include/uapi/linux/rds.h                                 net/rds
include/uapi/linux/reboot.h                              kernel
include/uapi/linux/reiserfs_fs.h                         fs/reiserfs
include/uapi/linux/reiserfs_xattr.h                      fs/reiserfs
include/uapi/linux/resource.h                            kernel
include/uapi/linux/rfkill.h                              net/rfkill
include/uapi/linux/romfs_fs.h                            fs/romfs
include/uapi/linux/rose.h                                net/rose
include/uapi/linux/rtc.h                                 drivers/rtc
include/uapi/linux/rtnetlink.h                           net/netlink
include/uapi/linux/scc.h                                 drivers/net/hamradio
include/uapi/linux/sched.h                               kernel/sched
include/uapi/linux/scif_ioctl.h                          drivers/misc/mic/scif
include/uapi/linux/screen_info.h                         arch/$(hdr-arch)/kernel
include/uapi/linux/sctp.h                                net/sctp
include/uapi/linux/sdla.h                                drivers/net/wan
include/uapi/linux/seccomp.h                             kernel
include/uapi/linux/securebits.h                          security
include/uapi/linux/selinux_netlink.h                     security/selinux
include/uapi/linux/sem.h                                 kernel/locking
include/uapi/linux/serial.h                              drivers/tty/serial
include/uapi/linux/serial_core.h                         drivers/tty/serial
include/uapi/linux/serial_reg.h                          drivers/tty/serial
include/uapi/linux/serio.h                               drivers/input/serio
include/uapi/linux/shm.h                                 ipc
include/uapi/linux/signal.h                              kernel
include/uapi/linux/signalfd.h                            fs
include/uapi/linux/smiapp.h                              drivers/media/i2c/smiapp
include/uapi/linux/snmp.h                                net
include/uapi/linux/sock_diag.h                           net/sctp
include/uapi/linux/socket.h                              net/sctp
include/uapi/linux/sockios.h                             net/sctp
include/uapi/linux/sonet.h                               drivers/atm
include/uapi/linux/sonypi.h                              drivers/char
include/uapi/linux/sound.h                               sound
include/uapi/linux/soundcard.h                           sound/core
include/uapi/linux/stat.h                                kernel
include/uapi/linux/stddef.h                              lib
include/uapi/linux/stm.h                                 drivers/hwtracing/stm
include/uapi/linux/string.h                              lib
include/uapi/linux/suspend_ioctls.h                      kernel/power
include/uapi/linux/swab.h                                arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/linux/synclink.h                            drivers/tty
include/uapi/linux/sysctl.h                              kernel
include/uapi/linux/sysinfo.h                             kernel
include/uapi/linux/taskstats.h                           kernel
include/uapi/linux/tcp.h                                 net/core
include/uapi/linux/telephony.h                           net/core
include/uapi/linux/termios.h                             net
include/uapi/linux/thermal.h                             drivers/thermal
include/uapi/linux/time.h                                kernel/time
include/uapi/linux/times.h                               kernel/time
include/uapi/linux/timex.h                               kernel/time
include/uapi/linux/tiocl.h                               drivers/tty/vt
include/uapi/linux/tipc.h                                net/tipc
include/uapi/linux/tipc_config.h                         net/tipc
include/uapi/linux/tipc_netlink.h                        net/tipc
include/uapi/linux/toshiba.h                             drivers/char
include/uapi/linux/tty.h                                 drivers/tty
include/uapi/linux/tty_flags.h                           drivers/tty
include/uapi/linux/types.h                               kernel
include/uapi/linux/udf_fs_i.h                            fs/udf
include/uapi/linux/udp.h                                 net/core
include/uapi/linux/uinput.h                              drivers/input/misc
include/uapi/linux/uio.h                                 drivers/uio
include/uapi/linux/ultrasound.h                          sound/synth/emux
include/uapi/linux/un.h                                  net/unix
include/uapi/linux/unistd.h                              kernel
include/uapi/linux/unix_diag.h                           net/unix
include/uapi/linux/usbdevice_fs.h                        fs
include/uapi/linux/usbip.h                               drivers/usb/usbip
include/uapi/linux/utime.h                               kernel/time
include/uapi/linux/utsname.h                             kernel
include/uapi/linux/uuid.h                                kernel
include/uapi/linux/uvcvideo.h                            drivers/media/usb/uvc
include/uapi/linux/v4l2-common.h                         drivers/media/v4l2-core
include/uapi/linux/v4l2-controls.h                       drivers/media/v4l2-core
include/uapi/linux/v4l2-mediabus.h                       drivers/media/v4l2-core
include/uapi/linux/v4l2-subdev.h                         drivers/media/v4l2-core
include/uapi/linux/vfio.h                                drivers/vfio
include/uapi/linux/videodev2.h                           drivers/media/common
include/uapi/linux/virtio_9p.h                           drivers/virtio
include/uapi/linux/virtio_config.h                       drivers/virtio
include/uapi/linux/virtio_console.h                      drivers/virtio
include/uapi/linux/virtio_gpu.h                          drivers/gpu/drm/virtio
include/uapi/linux/virtio_ids.h                          drivers/virtio
include/uapi/linux/virtio_pci.h                          drivers/virtio
include/uapi/linux/virtio_ring.h                         drivers/virtio
include/uapi/linux/virtio_rng.h                          drivers/virtio
include/uapi/linux/virtio_types.h                        drivers/virtio
include/uapi/linux/vm_sockets.h                          net/vmw_vsock
include/uapi/linux/vsp1.h                                drivers/media/platform/vsp1
include/uapi/linux/vt.h                                  drivers/tty/vt
include/uapi/linux/wait.h                                kernel/sched
include/uapi/linux/wanrouter.h                           drivers/isdn/i4l
include/uapi/linux/watchdog.h                            drivers/watchdog
include/uapi/linux/wil6210_uapi.h                        drivers/net/wireless/ath/wil6210
include/uapi/linux/wimax.h                               drivers/net/wimax
include/uapi/linux/wireless.h                            drivers/net/wireless
include/uapi/linux/x25.h                                 net/x25
include/uapi/linux/xattr.h                               fs
include/uapi/linux/xilinx-v4l2-controls.h                drivers/media/platform/xilinx
include/uapi/linux/zorro.h                               drivers/zorro
include/uapi/linux/zorro_ids.h                           drivers/zorro
include/uapi/linux/android/*                             drivers/android 
include/uapi/linux/byteorder/*                           arch/$(hdr-arch)/include/uapi/asm
include/uapi/linux/caif/*                                drivers/net/caif 
include/uapi/linux/can/*                                 drivers/net/can 
include/uapi/linux/cifs/*                                fs/cifs
include/uapi/linux/dvb/*                                 drivers/media/dvb-core
include/uapi/linux/dvb/frontend.h                        drivers/media/dvb-frontends
include/uapi/linux/genwqe/genwqe_card.h                  drivers/misc/genwqe
include/uapi/linux/hdlc/ioctl.h                          drivers/net/wan
include/uapi/linux/hsi/hsi_char.h                        drivers/hsi/clients 
include/uapi/linux/hsi/cs-protocol.h                     drivers/hsi/clients
include/uapi/linux/iio/events.h                          drivers/iio
include/uapi/linux/iio/types.h                           drivers/iio
include/uapi/linux/isdn/capicmd.h                        drivers/isdn/capi
include/uapi/linux/mmc/ioctl.h                           drivers/mmc/card
include/uapi/linux/netfilter/*                           net/netfilter 
include/uapi/linux/netfilter_arp/*                       net/ipv4/netfilter 
include/uapi/linux/netfilter_bridge/*                    net/bridge/netfilter 
include/uapi/linux/netfilter_ipv4/*                      net/ipv4/netfilter 
include/uapi/linux/netfilter_ipv6/*                      net/ipv6/netfilter 
include/uapi/linux/nfsd/cld.h                            fs/nfsd
include/uapi/linux/nfsd/debug.h                          fs/nfsd
include/uapi/linux/nfsd/export.h                         fs/nfsd
include/uapi/linux/nfsd/nfsfh.h                          fs/nfsd
include/uapi/linux/nfsd/stats.h                          fs/nfsd
include/uapi/linux/raid/md_p.h                           drivers/md
include/uapi/linux/raid/md_u.h                           drivers/md
include/uapi/linux/spi/*                                 drivers/spi 
include/uapi/linux/sunrpc/*                              net/sunrpc
include/uapi/linux/tc_act/*                              net/sched
include/uapi/linux/tc_ematch/*                           net/sched
include/uapi/linux/usb/*                                 drivers/usb
include/uapi/linux/usb/ch11.h                            drivers/usb/core
include/uapi/linux/usb/functionfs.h                      drivers/usb/gadget/function
include/uapi/linux/usb/g_printer.h                       drivers/usb/gadget/function
include/uapi/linux/usb/gadgetfs.h                        drivers/usb/gadget/legacy
include/uapi/linux/usb/midi.h                            drivers/usb/gadget/function
include/uapi/linux/usb/tmc.h                             drivers/usb/class
include/uapi/linux/usb/video.h                           drivers/media/usb/uvc
include/uapi/linux/wimax/i2400m.h                        drivers/net/wimax/i2400m
include/uapi/misc/cxl.h                                  drivers/misc/cxl
include/uapi/mtd/*                                       drivers/mtd
include/uapi/mtd/mtd-abi.h                               drivers/mtd/nand
include/uapi/mtd/ubi-user.h                              drivers/mtd/ubi
include/uapi/rdma/*                                      drivers/infiniband/core
include/uapi/rdma/hfi/hfi1_user.h                        drivers/staging/rdma/hfi1
include/uapi/scsi/*                                      drivers/scsi 
include/uapi/scsi/cxlflash_ioctl.h                       drivers/scsi/cxlflash
include/uapi/scsi/fc/fc_els.h                            drivers/scsi/fcoe
include/uapi/scsi/fc/fc_fs.h                             drivers/scsi/fcoe
include/uapi/scsi/fc/fc_gs.h                             drivers/scsi/libfc
include/uapi/scsi/fc/fc_ns.h                             drivers/scsi/libfc
include/uapi/sound/compress_offload.h                    sound/core 
include/uapi/sound/hdsp.h                                sound/pci/rme9652 
include/uapi/sound/hdspm.h                               sound/pci/rme9652 
include/uapi/sound/asequencer.h                          sound/usb
include/uapi/sound/asoc.h                                sound/soc/codecs
include/uapi/sound/asound.h                              sound/soc/omap
include/uapi/sound/asound_fm.h                           sound/drivers/opl3
include/uapi/sound/compress_params.h                     sound/core
include/uapi/sound/emu10k1.h                             sound/pci/emu10k1
include/uapi/sound/firewire.h                            sound/firewire
include/uapi/sound/sb16_csp.h                            sound/isa/sb
include/uapi/sound/sfnt_info.h                           sound/core
include/uapi/sound/tlv.h                                 sound/soc/codecs
include/uapi/sound/usb_stream.h                          sound/usb/usx2y
include/uapi/video/edid.h                                drivers/video/fbdev
include/uapi/video/sisfb.h                               drivers/video/fbdev/sis
include/uapi/video/uvesafb.h                             drivers/video/fbdev
include/uapi/xen/*                                       drivers/xen 
include/video/broadsheetfb.h                             drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/da8xx-fb.h                                 drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/display_timing.h                           drivers/video 
include/video/hecubafb.h                                 drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/ili9320.h                                  drivers/video/backlight 
include/video/maxinefb.h                                 drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/mbxfb.h                                    drivers/video/fbdev/mbx 
include/video/metronomefb.h                              drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/of_display_timing.h                        drivers/video 
include/video/of_videomode.h                             drivers/video 
include/video/platform_lcd.h                             drivers/video/backlight 
include/video/pm3fb.h                                    drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/pmag-ba-fb.h                               drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/pmagb-b-fb.h                               drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/pxa168fb.h                                 drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/s1d13xxxfb.h                               drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/sa1100fb.h                                 drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/sh_mobile_meram.h                          drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/sstfb.h                                    drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/tgafb.h                                    drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/udlfb.h                                    drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/uvesafb.h                                  drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/videomode.h                                drivers/video 
include/video/w100fb.h                                   drivers/video/fbdev 
include/video/atmel_lcdc.h                               drivers/video/fbdev
include/video/aty128.h                                   drivers/video/fbdev/aty
include/video/auo_k190xfb.h                              drivers/video/fbdev
include/video/cirrus.h                                   drivers/video/fbdev
include/video/cvisionppc.h                               drivers/video/fbdev
include/video/edid.h                                     drivers/video/fbdev
include/video/exynos5433_decon.h                         drivers/gpu/drm/exynos
include/video/exynos7_decon.h                            drivers/gpu/drm/exynos
include/video/exynos_mipi_dsim.h                         drivers/video/fbdev/exynos
include/video/gbe.h                                      drivers/video/fbdev
include/video/iga.h                                      drivers/video/fbdev
include/video/imx-ipu-v3.h                               drivers/gpu/ipu-v3
include/video/kyro.h                                     drivers/video/fbdev/kyro
include/video/mach64.h                                   drivers/video/fbdev/aty
include/video/mipi_display.h                             drivers/video/fbdev
include/video/mmp_disp.h                                 drivers/video/fbdev/mmp
include/video/neomagic.h                                 drivers/video/fbdev
include/video/newport.h                                  drivers/video/console
include/video/omap-panel-data.h                          drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb/displays
include/video/omapdss.h                                  drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb
include/video/omapvrfb.h                                 drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb
include/video/permedia2.h                                drivers/video/fbdev
include/video/radeon.h                                   drivers/video/fbdev/aty
include/video/samsung_fimd.h                             drivers/video/fbdev
include/video/sh_mobile_lcdc.h                           drivers/video/fbdev
include/video/sisfb.h                                    drivers/video/fbdev/sis
include/video/tdfx.h                                     drivers/video/fbdev
include/video/trident.h                                  drivers/video/fbdev
include/video/vga.h                                      drivers/video
include/xen/*                                            drivers/xen 
include/xen/xenbus.h                                     drivers/xen/xen-pciback 
include/xen/events.h                                     drivers/xen/events
include/xen/grant_table.h                                drivers/xen
include/xen/hvc-console.h                                drivers/xen
include/xen/hvm.h                                        drivers/xen
include/xen/page.h                                       drivers/xen
include/xen/platform_pci.h                               drivers/xen
include/xen/xen-ops.h                                    drivers/xen
include/xen/xen.h                                        drivers/xen
include/xen/xenbus_dev.h                                 drivers/xen/xenbus
include/xen/interface/callback.h                         arch/x86/xen
include/xen/interface/elfnote.h                          drivers/xen 
include/xen/interface/event_channel.h                    drivers/xen/events
include/xen/interface/features.h                         drivers/xen
include/xen/interface/grant_table.h                      drivers/xen
include/xen/interface/memory.h                           drivers/xen
include/xen/interface/nmi.h                              arch/x86/xen
include/xen/interface/physdev.h                          drivers/xen
include/xen/interface/platform.h                         drivers/xen
include/xen/interface/sched.h                            drivers/xen/events
include/xen/interface/vcpu.h                             drivers/xen
include/xen/interface/version.h                          drivers/xen
include/xen/interface/xen-mca.h                          arch/x86/xen
include/xen/interface/xen.h                              drivers/xen
include/xen/interface/xenpmu.h                           drivers/xen
include/xen/interface/hvm/hvm_op.h                       drivers/xen/events
include/xen/interface/hvm/params.h                       drivers/xen/events
include/xen/interface/io/blkif.h                         drivers/block/xen-blkback
include/xen/interface/io/console.h                       drivers/tty/hvc
include/xen/interface/io/fbif.h                          drivers/xen
include/xen/interface/io/kbdif.h                         drivers/input/misc
include/xen/interface/io/netif.h                         drivers/net/xen-netback
include/xen/interface/io/pciif.h                         drivers/xen/xen-pciback
include/xen/interface/io/protocols.h                     drivers/block/xen-blkback
include/xen/interface/io/ring.h                          drivers/block/xen-blkback
include/xen/interface/io/tpmif.h                         drivers/char/tpm
include/xen/interface/io/vscsiif.h                       drivers/xen
include/xen/interface/io/xenbus.h                        drivers/xen/xenbus
include/xen/interface/io/xs_wire.h                       drivers/xen
